ÅhWelcome to the Alice Shop!Åh
ÅhCaw, caw...Åh
ÅhPlease buy something.
 Eh? YouÅfre not here for shopping today?Åh
ÅhCaw!!!Åh
ÅhWell then, letÅfs chat.Åh
ÅhWhat would you like to talk about?Åh
Strange
ÅhChoose the staff member youÅfd like to see!Åh
Sorry for the long wait.
About a year after the Japanese Win95 came out,
Alice is finally starting to put out Win95 games.
------------------------------------Programmer  WAO--
I think itÅfs significant that AliceÅfs first Win95
title will be part of the popular Rance series.
------------------------------------Programmer  WAO--
Especially Rance IV, whose DOS version had a lot of
issues with operability (mouse support and the like).
We received a lot of harsh feedback.
------------------------------------Programmer  WAO--
Since Win95 really improved mouse operation, we
really focused on altering the game with that in
mind. So I think the operability improved a lot.
------------------------------------Programmer  WAO--
I think Plum-kun, who was in charge of the porting
this time, really did his best on that sort of thing.
------------------------------------Programmer  WAO--
I think thereÅfs still a lot of reùrçı to be done on
making mouse controls convenient, but I think IÅfll aim
for improvements with every work until we perfect them.
------------------------------------Programmer  WAO--
The group of people IÅfm primarily trying to target
are those who havenÅft played the DOS version, but
I think you could say itÅfs also aimed at those
------------------------------------Programmer  WAO--
users whoÅfd like to revisit our old works.
------------------------------------Programmer  WAÅù--
This game, Rance IV, is going to be Win95 exclusive,
so it will use our SYSTEM 3.5, which is Win32 API
exclusive.
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
SYSTEM 3, which was for Win16 API, was slow and
couldnÅft really be called an improvement even in
empty flattery.
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
This time, I think we managed to make a SYSTEM
thatÅfs no longer shackled by the transfer from
DOS and actually uses the Win95Åfs strong points.
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
The name has only increased by 0.5 from SYSTEM 3Å®
SYSTEM 3.5, so it might seem like only a little has
changed, but itÅfs not about the increase.
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
Everything including the fundamentals has been
improved, so I think itÅfs become a pretty powerful
system thatÅfs really only inherited the name.
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
Kichikuou Rance and stuff like Katsumi-chan Monogatari
will be on this SYSTEM 3.5 too.
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
Rance IV uses most of its functions, but not all of
them. It still has many more interesting functions.
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
ItÅfs a little disappointing that I canÅft show them
all off in every game we develop.
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
It might be in magazines and stuff by the time this
is on sale, but the ones where the ínê} is all around
you are pretty fun. (lol)
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
This is kind of related to the mouse operability
stuff I talked about earlier. If you have any related
opinions about this sort of thing for Rance IV, or
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
for Kichikuou, which will be out in December, please
write to me. (And if you do, addressing the letter to
WAO will make it much more likely to be read by me.)
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
This SYSTEM has only just begun its life, but IÅfd
like to keep raising it without stopping.
------------------------------------Programmer  ÑYÅ¢Åù--
Umyuu, hanya hanya, hoee hoeee
ThatÅfs that.
See ya!
Voice of God
  ÅhWhat was that!? Whaddaya mean!? Explain yourself!
   Ehh? Fuck with me and IÅfll beat the shit outta ya!Åh
ThatÅfs that, so thatÅfs that, ya know?
CanÅft ya be satisfied with that?
Voice of God
  ÅhAh, whatever.....
   Like hell! Did ya really think IÅfd accept that!?
   Hurry up anÅf explain!Åh
Fine, fine. I understand.
Well then, letÅfs get started.
So I tried to start out with an Osakan comedy skit!
IÅfm PLUMÅfF.
I did most of the porting work myself this time.
Voice of God
  ÅhHow lonelyyyy!Åh
ItÅfs a Win95 exlusive game so itÅfs controlled by mouse.
ÅfNothing Not MouseÅf is the concept I went with when I
made it.
Voice of God
  ÅhWhy just the mouse?Åh
Because the mouse is the only control device that
definitely comes with every computer. ThereÅfs something
called a Microsoft Pad now too, but itÅfs not going to be
used by everyone, so we donÅft have any support for it.
Voice of God
  ÅhWhat happened to the keyboard?Åh
We were working on mouse controls for so long we didnÅft
have time.
          Teehee
Voice of God
  ÅhItÅfs fucking creepy when a guy laughs all cute like
   that, you loser!Åh
We were able to do a lot of things we relied on the
program for in the past with the script this time with
SYSTEM 3.5.
YouÅfre so cool, Kazushi-kun. YouÅfre so awesome, WAO-san.
Voice of God
  ÅhWhat, you didnÅft do any of the work?Åh
Kazushi-kun and WAO-san made SYSTEM 3.5.
Shige-kun made the installer.
They were all wonderfully done.
Voice of God
  ÅhSo whatÅfd you do?Åh
I edited the script. Like I said earlier, a lot of stuff
that was handled by the program before is now done in the
script, so there was a lot of specialized work I had to
do. It was a lot of trouble..
Voice of God
  ÅhIf itÅfs a lot of work why not just have the program do
   it?Åh
If every game has a different program, itÅfd be hard to do
maintenance stuff with them all, right?
ThatÅfs why SYSTEM 3.5 was made to be all-purpose, with a
variety of wonderful commands.
Voice of God
  ÅhIf theyÅfre wonderful, arenÅft they easy to use?Åh
They say Åfevery man knows his business best,Åf right?
Of course a specialized programÅfs gonna be easier.
But if itÅfs specialized then it canÅft be used for other
games.
Voice of God
  ÅhIs that how it works?Åh
ThatÅfs how it works!
Voice of God
  ÅhVery well! Well, we should probably wrap things up.Åh
Things went a lot slower than planned this time and we
burdened a lot of related parties, which I feel like we
probably say every time, how terrible, next time weÅfll do
everything on schedule, letÅfs do our beeeest!! (lol)
Lastly..
if, sometime during the game,
you hear this sound effect,
please write a letter detailing the circumstances or
perhaps e-mail your save data (Åñ.ASD) to R4Win Error
(PLUMÅfF).
DonÅft tell me you heard it in SE-Mode or while rewriting
your data or something though, Åfkay?
Well then, see you later, gooooood-byyyyyyye.
     ..Poof!...
HelloÅ`. ItÅfs Shige.
Windows 95 is all the rage lately, huhÅ`?
The InternetÅfs been making a bunch of noise too, huhÅ`?
Shige became stupid after switching to Windows 95. (lol)
ItÅfs so convenient that you can use one mouse to do
pretty much everything!
But it kinda just feels like a toy...... (hey)
And, and......
I keep getting more and more trash on my desktop and my C
compiler is acting really suspiciously. (sweat)
Also, also......
Apparently computers are trendy among grade schoolers
now.
The worldÅfs gone crazy. (lol)
But, but......
Even though I say that now,  ShigeÅfs been programming
since grade 2...
The worldÅfs really gone crazy, huh? (lol)
Then, then......
ThereÅfs the Internet! Lately people have started saying
everythingÅfs the Internet... itÅfs a super money trap.
And the lines and browsers have a bunch of problems...
And so, and so......
In the end, the worldÅfs just being made to danceÅ`...
(bitter smile)
Lastly, lastly......
Please protect us from evilÅfs electromagnetic waves.
May you be protected by a divine filter... DiÅ`ng
P.S. Glasses-sama and Apron-sama too... (lol)
 IÅfm ÅhKazushiÅh the programmer.
 I made the system for the Windows version.
 Right now, IÅfm working on improving the SYSTEM 3.5 that
Rance IV used.
 The first Alice game I played was Rance IV, so you could
say that this game was one of the reasons I joined this
company, and itÅfs got a lot of memories for me. My
favorite characterÅfs probably Shizuka.
 But itÅfs not like thatÅfs where I got my pen name.
 Then IÅfll talk a little about my hobbies.
 I got into anime in May of this year. The trigger was a
certain Human Instrumentality anime, but I didnÅft pay any
attention to it when it was originally airing. It all
began when I bought an LD on a whim during the May
holidays. At first I just thought Åhthis is pretty
amazing,Åh but ever since I watched the 10th episode in
June, IÅfve been in love with the second girl in the red
outfit and now my cubicle is completely covered in red
posters. ItÅfd be nice if it had stopped with the
character, but IÅfm even into her voice actress now, and I
pay attention to her LDs and CDs, of course, but even her
games and radio shows too.
I got into this stuff so quickly that everyone around me
was shocked. IÅfve got a poster of a certain fighting
banchou up too.
 Lastly...
I love Miyamu!!
 ThatÅfs all from Kazushi.
Sound effects can be played in this mode.
They play at this volume in the game, so it can be
difficult to regulate them.
ÅhPlease choose which sound effect youÅfd like to hear.Åh
Å@Å|Å|Å|Å@Å@Å@Å@Å@[ SE-MODE ]Å@Å@Å@Å@Å@Å|Å|Å|
     Current sound effect is
 ItÅfs an error! (lol),
 Fire (Firesound?),
 Electricity (ha),
 Ice (Iiice!),
 Light (Lightning),
 Dark (Darkness),
 Big (Cut or Bash),
 Normal (Cut or Bash),
 Big (Hit, Magic),
 Normal (Hit, Magic),
 Big (Hit, Swords, etc),
 Normal (Hit, Swords, etc),
 Getting Cut or Getting Bashed,
 Enemy Magic,
 Hanny Flash,
 Big (Done in),
 Normal (Done in),
 Heavy Thing Moves,
 Earthquake,
 Break,
 Smash,
 Something Happened,
 Stairs,
            #[
].
Checking CD Device
Music can be played in this mode.
It plays at this volume in the game, so it can be
difficult to regulate it.
ThereÅfs an error with the CD Device and it canÅft be used.
ÅhPlease choose which song youÅfd like to hear.Åh
Å@Å|Å|Å|Å@Å@Å@Å@Å@[ BGM-Mode ]Å@Å@Å@Å@Å@Å|Å|Å|
         Current song is #[
].
ÅhPlease choose one.Åh
Endou Gorou, the crazy violent otaku,
Sanzou Houko, the mad 18-year-old high school teacher,
Shimanto Saori, the gun-obsessed lesbian swimmer,
and Yagami Choko, the judo star with an endless stomach.
With Houko-senseiÅfs pet salamander, the 4+1 journey to
the eastern capital.
Hindering their path is a mysterious group of
delinquents.
    -The Dark Phoenix Gang-
A high tension (in a sense) adventure game, full to the
brim with gags.
     Pro student -G-
         On sale now
    Windows 95 /3.1
   1 CD  Price 3,800 yen (tax not included)
Set in the near future in the vastness of space,
starring a Phantom Thief duo, the girls Sati and Shiori.
An adventure game any man, no, probably women too, would
love, full of gags thatÅfll have you splitting your sides!
       Uchuu Kaitou Funny Bee
         on sale now
    Windows 95 /3.1
   1 CD  Price 3,800 yen (tax not included)
     AMBIVALENZ
       -Ambivalence-
Shura is a [cursed knight].
He is an immortal albino, alone and left behind by time.
He lives.
For revenge.
In order to kill the abnormal being who took everything
from him,
     -Duendy-
and DuendyÅfs mother, the [Child of Darkness], Diadra.
A serious ADV game, an unusual type for Alicesoft.
    AMBIVALENZ -Ambivalence-
         On sale now
   Windows 95 /3.1
   1 CD  Price 3,800 yen (tax not included)
The perfect product for you, lamenting over a game with
only two or three CGs of a single girl!
ThatÅfs [Ayumi-chan Monogatari].
Ayumi-chan is your girlfriend.
This is an endless game thatÅfs about doing anything and
everything to her.
Amazingly, there are over 150 dirty CGs!
WeÅfve also heard many people say they blushed during the
gameÅfs many converstions that take place [between
lovers].
       Ayumi-chan Monogatari
         On sale now
    Windows 95 /3.1
   1 CD  Price 3,800 yen (tax not included)
Alicesoft is always taking applications for User Club
membership!
ThereÅfs an application included in the package.
To expand upon whatÅfs written on it...
The bimonthly bulletins always include newly drawn
illustrations and newly written mini stories and the
like.
Illustrations and mini stories featuring nostalgic Alice
characters, stories about future games and programs...
Survey results from user cards, and publications of the
comments that have been sent to us on user cards are all
included.
Anyway, theyÅfre filled with things you donÅft get to see
in the actual games and they can be enjoyed by both
people who are into the games and people who arenÅft.
There are also occasionally goods you canÅft obtain unless
youÅfre a User Club member.
(ExamplesÅF special phone cards, game CDs...)
This stuff would make real crazy fans salivate.
If youÅfre interested, please join if only for a year.
Thank you.
   Å|Å|Å|Å|Å|Alicesoft Homepage NoticeÅ|Å|Å|Å|Å|
Today..
bugles
katsudon
working all night
stun locking in Street Fighter II
Geese stun locking in Fatal Fury Special
indulging in H games
Nihonbashi
a horse
the moment just before the deadline
the Hanshin Tigers
seven days in Hawaii
Trans America Ultra Quiz
Akihabara
Kentucky Fried Chicken
MOS BurgerÅfs fries
a cell phone
haraheri herihara
retrorockets
Okinawan folk music
NEEDLE (S-B)ÅÉÅ|Jargon
Baptism by Umezu Kazuo
chili pepper tendon
a pregnant woman in an Okonomiyaki shop
a cow
pardon me maÅfam
 will be
bad luck
good luck
dunno.
who knows
a present
filling
a big hit
Super Aniki to your gluteus maximus
Laa laa la la la la la laa
a super fashionable gal
takoyaki
I wanna eat a whale
a RuÅñian submarine
a cheep cheep head
IÅfm broke
itÅfll fly, itÅfll fly
Onji, Girl of the Alps (Huh?)
good for fortune telling.
IÅfm sorry.
Daibukkon
Okan and Ma-kun
a bunny
IÅfve run out of jokes.
Me too.
I like Zenderman
.
Probably.
ÅhThis is the staff corner of the original (December 1993)
 version.
 Choose a name if youÅfd like to read them!Åh
Strange
IÅfm the blockhead who does the game design and script,
TADA.
Man, IÅfm tired.. Why..?
WeÅfre still in the middle of debugging even now.
IÅfm so tired.
My favorite character this time is î~‰ªõG.
Unfortunate girls are the best!
And sheÅfs got glasses too. Heeheehee.
Also.. ItÅfs sad that ‡Ûóòàü-san didnÅft get to do much this
time, yeah, sad.
I should have given her at least one more scene.
IÅfm regretting it...
...ItÅfs the deadline so IÅfm all dizzy.
Well then, thatÅfs that...
...is what I said in the PC98 version, but in this TOWNS
version, IÅfve left everything to the programmers and IÅfm
having the time of my life!
Ahh, I want a white TOWNS.
The UX IÅfve got at home is starting to slow down.
But IÅfll forgive it because itÅfs cute.
....But IÅfd like a fast one....
So I left my pretty UX at my house alone and got a
gorgeous new MX for my desk at work.
Whoa, itÅfs so fast.. My white TOWNS!
 Hi-ho Silver, *clop* *clop*.
   (Me, running away.)
YUKIMI ÅhItÅfs been a while.
        ItÅfs really been since DALK that I wrote in here
        as part of the main staff.
        But it doesnÅft really feel like THAT long...
        A year is short....
        But I feel like DALK was made long ago.
        (Next year, round up and IÅfll be 30..
        oh, I gave away my age.)
        But if I look back at this game, it was pretty
        fun. Yeah.
        It was probably half painful too, but you pretty
        much forget that when youÅfre done.
        Your user cards support me.
        Please send me some. IÅfm waiting.
        IÅfd like to stick with Rance-kun for a long time
        after this.
        IÅfm sorry IÅfm not writing anything interesting.
        Please enjoy the game.
        See you again.
        ...To my beloved players.Åh
ItÅfs Purin.
The end.
Just kidding! I wanna talk more!
So we finally finished Rance IV.
It was hard... It was really hard....
It was Rance for a whoooole year.
Design and key frames of male characters other than
             Rance-kun and two female(?) characters
Design, key frames, other stuff of male monsters
ínê}, CGs
Unit CGs other than Gal Monsters
Face CGs for the characters I drew
Toushin Toshi-related setting
Lore
And the dreaded debugging, unavoidable for all Alice
employees...
I did a bunch of stuff, so it feels like I was always
panicking, but thinking about it now,
I may have been pretty fulfilled....
It goes without saying that I was able to do my best this
past year in anticipation of the user cards that will
return to us with all of the impressions of the people
who played the game.
(Casually requesting impressions..)
But a year sure goes by fast.
IÅfm already 24 now. *Sigh*....
Well then,
IÅfve gotta get ready to make our next game......
And time repeated itself....
             The end for real.
 Thanks again, itÅfs Kuribayashi. IÅfm tired. IÅfm dead.
But IÅfll work. Moo, moo.
 ItÅfs winter. ItÅfs cold. I donÅft have any clothes.
But I donÅft have any money either. Moo, moo.
 Changing the subject, I changed classes for Rance IV
from CGs to Units.
I did Gal Monster and animations.
Look at the pretty girls on the big, improved screen and
the creepily detailed animations, Åfkay?
 Well then, the PTTP thatÅfs been popping up everywhere
is, of course, also in Rance IV.
And not just Guru MucchinÅfs (Pretty) Sea and Mountain,
but also
 an even scarier event.... (secret)
 Well, the PTTP is now collecting letters, illustrations
(color is super welcome), CGs, and etc. from you users.
IÅfm gonna take any colored illustrations we receive, make
Åfem into CGs, and put them in AliceÅfs Mansion and stuff,
so please send them without worrying!
Then IÅfll leave it to you.
WAO picked up a scrap of paper in WAOÅfs corner of
ÅhAyumi-chan Monogatari.Åh
That scrap of paper was a ticket to a certain theme park.
That certain theme park was...??
If thereÅfs a strange choice you just want to pick it...
ItÅfs just human nature. (lol)
OxygenÅfs O.
Today.........
Disneyland
Puroland
Harmonyland
Huis Ten Bosch
Miyazaki Seagaia
Canadian World
Reoma World
Fuji-Q Highland
Namco WonderEggs
Space World
Portopia Land
Fruit Flower Mansion
Tropical & Alligator Garden
Lotte World
WAOÅfs house
looks like itÅfll have good weather.
is having a special event.
is holding a summit.
is where I want to be.
Åfs
toilet is where I want to be.
is where IÅfm going to pretend to go.
is where IÅfm going with Minako.
is where IÅfm going with Yumiko.
is where IÅfm going with Miki.
is where IÅfm going with Mariko.
is where IÅfm going with Kouko.
is the place IÅfm gonna stop halfway to.
is where IÅfm gonna get in the mood to go.
Fufufu, you canÅft discount DisneyÅfs 10th Anniversary.
TheyÅfve got new events for their 10th this year.
Especially the New YearÅfs countdown, which has gotten so
popular lately that IÅfve stopped using a yearly pass and
have downgraded to just a countdown pass....
IÅfm gonna have to part with DisneyÅfs countdown pretty
soon.
Phew... IÅfve got no business with anything thatÅfs become
popular.
Euro DisneyÅfs in such a slump that itÅfs gonna shut down
in Åf94? ItÅfs amazing that this kind of slump can do
something like that when there are so many customers in
Japan.
Hm? WhatÅfs wrong, Minako? What do you look so sad about?
Eh? You wanted me to take you there before I stop going?
I couldnÅft do anything about it. Countown passes go on
sale the day of, so I couldnÅft get any without asking
someone else to pick them up for me....
So this year IÅfve planned to spend New YearÅfs somewhere
else.
Eh? We canÅft go anywhere with a round trip thatÅfs more
than 50,000?
HmmÅ`, then I guess we canÅft spend New YearÅfs together
this year...
ÅiÅ|Å|ÅGÅj
WAO, who saw a rainbow at Puroland, is about to decide
his plans for the day while writing in the event
schedule.
WAO always does this because Puro has a lot of shows
running at the same times, so if he doesnÅft, heÅfll forget
to go see them.
This is off-topic, but dancing shows have a certain rule.
Dancers have shifts when they dance, so they decide whoÅfs
going to dance based on their shifts.
ItÅfs not like dancers dance every part at every event.
So they have to decide who dances which part on any given
day.
Of course, this is true of Harmony, Disney, and other
places too, not just Puro. They say the shift system is
totally different everywhere though.......
Of course, this is probably also true for character
dancers. This is just a guess, but I think there are also
dancers inside those character costumes.
Shifting like
Character dancer-ÅÑDancer or Dancer-ÅÑCharacter Dancer
is probably common.
There are also different people doing the character
dancer role, so you can tell whoÅfs inside based on
differences in little gestures and habits.
There are also people who can tell whoÅfs inside based on
flashes of arms or legs that may appear for certain
characters.
What is it, Minako?
Eh? Stop talking about unrelated stuff and get on with
it?
Puro changes its parades with the seasons.
Sometimes they even change after less than two months, so
I bet itÅfs hard for the dancers to practice.
TodayÅfs parade is
 Floral Parade
 Summer Paradise
 KittyÅfs Birthday
 Fantastic Christmas
.
And the contents change every year too.
And the amount of customers on days when they have
special events is amazing.
It really gets stuffed like sardines. (MinakoÅfs mine!)
Lately theyÅfve been having dance contests on Saturday.
Everyone dances and gets up on stage. The key to winning
is standing out, not being good or bad. So people who
want to stand out should dance all they want. (lol)
Eh? What is it, Minako?
IsnÅft the conversation getting really weird?
Hmm, I think you know this by know, but IÅfm just kind of
going stream of consciousness with this, so even I donÅft
know what the heck IÅfm writing about anymore.
Please forgive me.
And why is your hair up today?
Did you just put it up to shower and forget about it?
Then let it down if itÅfs fine now.
Yeah, straight hair that goes down to your hips should be
let down. If itÅfs let down then I can play around with
it.......
Fufufu, the night is long, after dinner, weÅfll uhehehehe.
WAO, who went to Harmonyland today and saw a parade, goes
and sees a bunch of shows like ItÅfs Wonderful and The
Happy Birthday Show.
ItÅfs Wonderful is fun.
And the costumes they change into at the end are kinda
lewd, which is nice.
This is just a guess, but I think the contents are pretty
much for kids. But when you look closely, there are
things in the show like short parts of costumes and that
sort of thing. I donÅft know if theyÅfre for dad or what.
The contents of the show is Type A serious stuff though.
(Everyone go check now)
There are dancers who are happy about this and those who
are embarrassed.
By the way, this isnÅft about lewd costumes, but
apparently they have hundreds of thousands of substitutes
for the costumes they wear every day in the parade....
(A peculiarity of this specific place)
They might care a lot about these kinds of things you
donÅft really notice.
But sometimes you can tell if you look closely....
Anyway, lewd things are good.
Today the Happy lady holding the mic is
 Blue-san
 Maki-chan
Kuwa-san
Kyou-chan
.
Today itÅfs
 an 11
 a 12
 a 13
 a 14
-person formation.
The color of this Happy Birthday Show changes depending
on the lady holding the mic.
Blue-san is full of service spirit.
Maki-chanÅfs funny and cute and easy to listen to.
Kuwa-san has a peculiar sharpness to her.
Kyou-chanÅfs sweet, nasal voice is cute.
But please stop calling it ÅhInariÅh when guys show up.
(Image Destruction Rate 8
1
3
5
7
.
1
2
3
4
%)
TodayÅfs a special day so thereÅfs a night show.
If you donÅft see the night show, thereÅfs no point in even
going.
ItÅfs one of the live shows IÅfm paying a lot of attention
to because I think itÅfll be a good reference for
direction and things like that.
Ohh, itÅfs almost time to meet up with Yumiko.
Now IÅfm gonna have a quick dip in some alcohol with my
girlfriend.
Ahh, the fun before a meal.
WhatÅfs the fun after a meal......? (hey now)
What is it, Minako?
Eh? You donÅft want me to drink with other girls?
HmmÅ`, well IÅfll think about it sometime.
(hey now)
The end.
UmmÅ`Å`Å`.......
You bored yet?
PLUMÅfF (Hiyohiyo Hoehoe Programmer)
 Well, this time I got to do a bunch of stuff other than
 programming too.
 (Scripts related to moving around rooms, etc.)
 First, let me apologize.
 IÅfm so sorry.
 IÅfm the one who caused the 386 plans to fail and slowed
 everything down.
 But if weÅfd gone with those plans, it wouldnÅft have run
 with anything less than a 486 20MHz, so everyone, please
 forget about this, okay!
 ItÅfs been mostly painful things for about a year. Sad
 things happened too. And now we can finally bring it to
 you. Rance IV. ItÅfs a compilation of the staffÅfs blood,
 sweat, tears, and laughter.
 I believe I personally did my best for you users to have
 fun too.
 But I think some parts are still inadequate.
 IÅfm waiting for a variety of opinions from everyone.
HelloÅ`Å`, itÅfs Shige.
This is a bit sudden, but are you male? Female?
ShigeÅfs not interested in dudesÅöWahaha
Well then, see ya...
Then is your age in between 18 and 25?
ShigeÅfs not interested in loliÅ` or momsÅ`... ProbablyÅö
Then, see youÅ`Å`  tralalaÅ`Å`
One more. Do people tell you youÅfre cute?
In other words, the perfect man for you is Shige!!
Marry Shige...  *Blush*..ÅiÅOÅOÅGÅjÅ^
Well, a lot happens in the world...
So, see you... *Hurry*, *hurry*
Computers are gradually becoming NESs, but I like my
computer, even with its 5-inch access noises.
If youÅfre asking what IÅfm trying to say, itÅfs that this
time had a lot of disks. I cried. Happily. ThatÅfs a lie.
Basically, my headÅfs so busy IÅfm high.
ItÅfs gonna be a question of whether to get hard disk ones
or CD-ROM ones from now on, but for now, put aside hard
stuff like that and just enjoy Rance.
Please.          Yoshitaka
Hey, how are ya? ItÅfs Chiibou.
I did all the CG coloring and review (for the male
characters) in Rance IV.
It was pretty fun even coloring guys.
But it was hard.
Oh, are the people looking at this now gonna play the
game after this? I colored Rance too. Even the Rances
that only show a hand or whatever, I did all of them, so
Rance is like a third me (whatÅfs that mean).
The CG Girl is called Naruto-chan and is a character who
appears in the comics in AlicesoftÅfs bimonthly bulletins.
SheÅfs please to meet you.
Naruto ÅhIÅfm a high school student, you know. Heheheh, so
        young.Åh
Naruto ÅhI live to lie to my friend Yukari-chan (well, not
        really), but she believes anything, so itÅfs so
        much fun.Åh
Naruto ÅhSee you in the bulletin.Åh
About music
From here on is ChiibouÅfs music recommendations.
1. Basics (If you donÅft listen to these, what do you
           listen to?)
ÅEorange juice
 Orange Juice first album (Japan version)
A historically famous disk. A beautiful, strange
arrangement.
Easy to listen to, but cool.
The songs are melodious. The bass makes you want to move.
The tight drums (a cool phrase too).
The guitar arrangements just make you drool.
ÅETHE PALE FOUNTAINS
     Pale  Fountains
 first album (UK version)
A&M? Burt Bacharach? Nope, rock.
A deep, deep sound.
Super, super emotional trumpet, extravagantly beautiful
arranged sound, many instruments.
The sound of the folk guitar and melodies are great.
2. Pretty Exquisite
    (These are pretty good. Yep.)
ÅEWOLF HOUNDS
 The Wolfhounds
          ESSENTIAL UK version
This bandÅfs other albums are too noisy, and I donÅft like
them. (The guitar doesnÅft sound good). The melodies are
dead too. But this album makes me cry.
ItÅfs so cool! I canÅft get enough!
GOOD BYE LAUGHT is a great song.
The guitar arrangement is good too.
A forgotten classic thatÅfs better than their slow songs.
ÅEFriends
 Friends      first album (UK)
YouÅfll probably see the bandÅfs name elsewhere, but itÅfs
the ÅhSummerhouseÅh (record company) group.
This is a great disk. ItÅfs perfect if you like the twang
of a 12-string guitar (what the heck).
The trumpet in this one is great too. I bet you did this
to make me cry, dammiiit!
I wanna go to the beach when I listen to Friends.
(At sunset)
Hellooo, itÅfs KAORI the colorer.
I did a bunch of drawing, but this time I did the girls
(Sill, Feliss, Alicia, Cynthia, Replica) and
Younashi-sama and helped out with the guys.
And I did the original art for the Bug!!
Now, a choice.
Wanna see a CG?
Well then, see you.
Good-bye.
This is Minya, who wants to play all the time lately.
The other day, she went to a field to play and came back
all covered in mud.
The old guy (at the farm) didnÅft care...
IÅfm gonna go home soon.
Well then, see ya.
Buh-bye.
Umm, I always worry about what to write in my AliceÅfs
Mansion message and write random stuff, but this time, I
have something I want to write about.
But first, to F. Ryuze-san who sent me the pocket edition
of [The Tokyo Zodiac Murders], thank you very much.
So this was a pocket edition...
I was only looking for the paperback and hardcover.
It is a pretty old book, so there wouldnÅft be new
paperbacks or hardcovers, huh?
The descriptions in this book of the Kami-Shinjo Station
and around there on the return train from Tokyo to Osaka
made me happy.
And I got to the Kami-Shinjo Station part in the book
right when I was standing on the platform, so I was
smiling to myself.
(I mainly read mystery novels on the train)
Well, moving on to the main topic. WeÅfve been getting a
lot of inquiries lately saying things like [I want to
make a figure of your character and sell it at an event
so please give me permission] so IÅfd like to respond to
them here (after consulting with the head of the sales
department).
Creation and sales of garage kits for our companyÅfs
characters (at events) is pretty much free.
So you have tacit consent from us to sell them without
asking permission.
But this is purely a fan activity, so you should be
making and selling maybe 30 at best. IÅfll leave this sort
of thing to your own sense of morality.
And please donÅft use this to release something like
[Alicesoft Approved] or [Alicesoft Supervised].
Someone might buy it and send an angry message to us,
so...
Please especially leave off the [supervised] bit.
And if youÅfd like us to supervise something, we can.
However, we will review it with a certain level of
severity, so there are times when we wonÅft give
supervision permission.
In these cases, not giving our supervision doesnÅft mean
weÅfre not permitting you to sell them.
As I said earlier, it wonÅft be a problem unless you label
them as [Alice Supervised].
Giving an example based on the above,
first, ask the event about AlicesoftÅfs character
copyrights.
I believe the event will tell you [please arrange to
receive permission on your own] (I believe this is what
JAF-CON did),
so if they say that, feel free to display something.
If you comply with the conditions I mentioned earlier,
you donÅft need to receive permission from us.
If the event strongly requests [Proof of Approval] from
you, please contact us. We will create a proof of
approval form and send it to you.
I wrote a lot, but this is merely for personal projects
(regardless of pro/amateur), so if professionals would
like to make official sales, please go through us first.
Lastly, if you read this and thought [if I make something
and reproduce it, copyright stuff will be annoying...],
please donÅft worry.
ItÅfd be nice if youÅfd send one or two samples of your
work... (Mixing business with pleasure?)
Of course [reproduction] only refers to [reproduction]
for the sake of selling, so if itÅfs not for that, thereÅfs
no problem.
                The end  K
IÅfm YOK, a CG artist. IÅfm all pumped.
This time I mainly did the main characters (â¡ìﬁî¸,
‡Ûóòàü, à…âú, î~‰ªõG, Sanakia, Mai).
But Sanakia started out as Chiibou-senpaiÅfs and then
switched to me partway through.
I also did backgrounds of course.
(There were a bunch with my characters I guess)
Changing subjects, this CG right here has nothing to do
with my writing or the game... (Well, whatever)
WeÅfre in the middle of debugging Rance IV while I write
this, but when weÅfre done, IÅfm gonna switch right over to
CGs for our next game. (IÅfm excited.)
Then please enjoy Rance IV.
And please look forward to our next game.
Rance IV, right? IÅfm happy.
After all, the Rance series is what pretty much got
Pukapii into AliceÅô
But IÅfm actually not debugging this time.
I wonder what kind of game itÅfs become...
...Oh, but I did a little word debug. I laughed a lot at
what everybody wrote. (Teehee)
If itÅfs got pictures with it, I think itÅfll be more
interesting. Yeah, yeahÅÉÅ|Probably nodding.
So please enjoy the super perverted super brute
Rance-kun.
This was Pukapii.
Hello. ItÅfs AliceÅfs Pochi, otherwise known as Mutsumi
Masato.
This time I did all the shadow checking and was in charge
of Gal Monsters.
Question 1ÅF I was in charge of which girls?
AnswerÅF The Seafood and Mountainfood (lol)
I was actually in charge of about 10 girls total, but in
the middle, I switched to development of one of our new
spring titles, so unfortunately, it ended up being only
these two (cry).
IÅfd like for them to come back in Rance 5...
Also, the Rance IV User ClubÅfs mail order product is a
catalogue-style collection of original art.
Amazingly, itÅfs full color, and you can see all of the
specifications from us that you canÅft see anywhere else.
WeÅfll keep attaching wonderful extras like these, so join
the User Club as soon as possible!
Hello, itÅfs Chomoyama.
I drew the Frog Girl (Mage Version).
I actually wanted to tell some interesting stories about
the development, but itÅfs at times like these when you
canÅft think of anything, huh? ItÅfs tough being stupid.
But well, please play Rance IV until you become stupid.
ThatÅfs fine.
Hey, itÅfs Gencha.
Rance IVÅfs long development is over and we now begin to
strive toward perfecting our new game.
But man, CGs sure are hard.
IÅfve gotten a little used to them, but IÅfll continue
studying.
Full speed ahead! (What am I saying...)
So please keep cheering us on!!
Hi, itÅfs Nakajii.
I painted the backgrounds. This time was really tough!
Especially the Ylapu way at the end. I had to get
Chiibou-sanÅfs help to finally finish it. IÅfm still
inexperienced.
I also painted (on a TOWNS for my first time) the
background in the package art.
256 colors is really nice.
IÅfm happy when I have a lot of colors.
Oh, this is something I drew all nervous, Åfcause I donÅft
usually paint characters.
But the background is kinda flat.
But itÅfs fine if the character looks nice.
A personal thing.
IÅfve been interested in antique accessories and Zippo
lighters from the Vietnam War lately. I want to collect
them, but theyÅfre expensive, so IÅfm happy just looking.
Thinking stuff like Åfcowboy buckles are cool too,Åf I look
at those kinds of books and drool about them.
If you have something, send it to meÅö     Nakajii.
ItÅfs YAS.
In any case, my first job has safely (?) concluded...
Woohoo!!
Eh? The next job already?!
Then letÅfs meet in our next game.
Tori
   Or, the old lady living in poverty because of her
   love of fine clothes and food
ItÅfs Tori.
This time I evolved from a Dummy Imam to a Dummy TADA.
Man, pretending to be someone else to write scripts is
one kind of masochistic pleasure.
T.. TADA-kun (and Big Papa Imam) wouldnÅft write something
like this here..
...What should I do...
...Okay.. just write it.. *crack* *crack*...
..Well, itÅfs something like this.
And...
If somebody gets mad at TADA-kun (or Big Papa Imam)
because of something I wrote...
All I can do is laugh in the corner of the bathroom,
laugh...
....If I write something like this, theyÅfll get back at
me at some point.
IÅfll have to sleep with one eye open.
Well then everyone, enjoy the game!
Bye-byyyyyye!
EhÅ`? ItÅfs Imam, who was mostly quietly doing other
things than Rance IV this time.
          Uhyo.
No, thereÅfs no deep meaning.........
          Uhyo.
No, no, no matter how many times you ask....
         Uhyo, uhyo, uhyo.
Yep, this time I only debugged and wrote a few scenes,
but......
          Uhyo
(I have a pretty annoying personality too, donÅft I...)
Because of that, I donÅft have any regrets.
        Founder of the â¡ìﬁî¸-chan Faith, Imam
Uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo
uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo
uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo
uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo, uhyo
      .uoy teem ot desaelP
  .tfosecilA denioj tsuj I
   .ÅhnaM anuT erraziBÅh mÅfI
.emit siht gniggubed did I
!yrots gniliob-doolb a ,sGC lufituaeB
                     .ti yojne esaelP
 naM anuT erraziB  morF
IÅfm Musha.
Rance IV hasnÅft been finished at the time that IÅfm
writing this, but thatÅfs because of its grandness.
Well, if youÅfre looking at this now, have you already
played it?
If you havenÅft yet, IÅfd suggest doing so immediately.
And please donÅft hesitate to send us your thoughts.
WeÅfre all waiting for them.
Well then, letÅfs meet again somewhere.
Please enjoy yourself to your heartÅfs content.
My name is Orion (Arthur Orion).
This time, I colored monsters and handled the originals
of two of them.
My art might seem strange, but please stick with me in
the future.
Now, itÅfs time for my age to begin (just kidding).
ÅöIÅfm Akino Koorogi, and I did line revision. This was my
 first project.Åô
 I drew some original CGs too, so if youÅfd like, go ahead
 and look at themÅô
 TheyÅfre up on ALICE-NET and various BBSesÅ`Åô
 Even if it was part time, IÅfm happy I got to work with
 AlicesoftÅ`ÅiÅOÇèÅOÅj
Ich bin Arbeiter.
Mein Name ist Taira Kunitsukami.
Etwas ist besser ais nichts.
Phew, in about ten more sheets, IÅfll be done with the
first stage of this job.
IÅfll have finally accomplished the first game I was in
charge of original art for, Rance VR-XII, with its
amazing count of over 5,000 pieces of art.
ItÅfs almost like a dream.
          ........It was a dream.
                  -Kirishima Senya
 I caught a cold the other day.
This year I keep getting fevers and IÅfm not able to work
as much as I want at all.
Please be careful not to catch cold too, everyone.
              Bassun
 IÅfm ÅhChimiroimuÅh and I did line revision. IÅfm still a
big, smelly.. I mean, a college student, so managing my
time was difficult (I had a school festival too), but
IÅfve got time now, so IÅfm gonna work hard!
Hello, itÅfs Sanjuushi, who helped out for the first time.
I did line revision, but participating was both fun and
painful...
IÅfm glad I got to have a lot of experiences here.
