Itfs the meadow.
I left the town.
–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
–  At that time                                 –
–   Leazas Castle (Secret Underground Room)     –
–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
Lia hHey, hey, wherefs Rance.. hey.h
Maris hPlease wait a bit longer, Princess...h
Lia h...Ooooh.h
Maris the head maid is slowly chanting a spell in front of a scrying
crystal ball. When she finishes, a shadow appears in the previously
pure white crystal ball.
Maris hI see it.h
Lia hYay, yay!h
The crystal ball showed the hazy figure of a single man.
It was the man with the green clothes.. him.
Lia hKya.. Darlingfs so cool!h
Lia hKya.. kya.. kya.. Darling!
     I love youuu!h
Maris hQuiet please, Princess.. so.. the location is...h
The crystal ball glowed again, and this time.. showed a continent
floating in the sky.
Lia hHm.. what is this thing?h
Maris hYlapu....h
Lia h??h
Maris hRance-dono is on the floating city of Ylapu above Leazas.h
Lia hSo Darlingfs there, right? Letfs go, letfs go, letfs go get him
     right now!h
Lia hJust wait, Darling! Liafs coming for you...h
At the same time that Lia and Maris were doing their
scrying...
In the courtyard of the same Leazas Castle, development
of a mysterious vehicle (the Tulip #4) was being carried
out with Maria Custard at its center.
hHowfs it looking?h
hItfs going great, we should be able to begin test flight
 in a week!h
hHmmm, this thing.. itfll fly??h
hAww, you donft believe me? Itfs perfect, you know.
 Science will overtake magic power one day...h
hYeah, yeah, I got it.h
hLook forward to next week.h
hWe canft take it that slow.h
hWhy?h
hThey found Rance...h
hThey.. where is he?h
hI kinda.. wish he could have wandered a bit more before
 being found.h
Shizuka pointed to the giant continent floating above
Leazas.
And the scene changes once again to our hero, Rance-kun,
walking slowly on the Toushin Toshi (Ylapu).
h*Achoo*.h
hA sneeze, eh? Somebodyfs talking about me.h
hIfm so popular....
 Then letfs get going.h
Therefs a tall tower.
Itfs been said since ancient times that idiots like to
climb tall things, so there must be some idiots in this
tower.
There are a total of five towers.
I better.. not have to explore all five of these
things.....
Ifve gotten really unmotivated.
There are large stones lying around here and there.
Hm.. therefs something written on this rock.
hAX33-Right-Right-Lefth
Hmph, this is a plan by some idiot to write something
unimportant and get people to take note of it.
But Ifm gonna call it right here.
This is just meaningless scribbles.
Ifll bet it has nothing to do with my adventure.
There are clouds in the sky......
Ifm sleepy...
h*Yaaaaawn*...h
hOh, what a big yawn, Rance-sama.h
h*Giggle*, *giggle*.h
hYou laughed, didnft you, Sill?h
hEh?h
hYou just looked at my face and laughed!!
 How dare you, you lowly slaaaaave!h
hEh, eh, no, thatfs not what I-h
hNot forgiving you.h
(Hit hit hit)
h*Sob* *sob*.h
Clouds drift elegantly in the sky.
Hmmm, looking at clouds makes me sleepy..
hHey, Sill.. let me rest on your lap.h
hHm.. Hey, Sill...
 ....Oh.h
Right, that hagfs got Sill.
Dammit.
hI hate white clouUUuds!h
Man, what a stupidly huge field...
Umm, I wonder if therefs something interesting around.
.......Looking for interesting things.....
Tch, therefs nothing interesting at all.
So this is the meadow on top of the floating continent
called Toushin Toshi...
If therefs anything weird about it, itfs probably the
huge tower with the other four towers in the east, west,
south, and north surrounding it.
The one tower in the middle of the others is right in the
middle of town.
Anyway, seems like therefs nothing I can do except check
out the towers.
This is the meadow on top of the Toushin Toshi.
But itfs super huge.
Which means the floating continent itself has also gotta
be super huge.
I canft believe something like this is floating in the
sky.
...If I fall.. Ifll definitely die.. Letfs not get too
close to the edge of the continent.
Ifll get tired stomping around the meadow, so letfs not.
Seeing a beautiful meadow like this makes me really wanna
stomp all over it.
hDaah.....!h
h*Stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp* *stomp*...!h
h*Trample* *trample* *trample* *trample*...!h
hDaaaaaah...
 haah, haah, haah.h
I got tired from running around.
Looks like I did something pointless.
Now, where should I go?
Ifm going to the big tower.
Letfs go to the North Tower.
The South Tower is in the middle of Cassado.
Letfs go to the West Tower.
Letfs go to the East Tower.
