This is Cassado.
... ÅhDaaaah, daaaah, daaaah!Åh
ÅhUwah!!
 What the, what the?Åh
... ÅhExcuse me....Åh
ÅhOhh, what a beauty.Åh
... ÅhBad boy, Nitobe-kun.
     Barking at a hero from another world....Åh
Nitobe-kun ÅhDaaah, daaah, daaah!Åh
ÅhSo this animalÅfs called Nitobe-kun?
 Then whatÅfs your name?Åh
... ÅhMe?
     My name is Bell. Sir Hero.Åh
ÅhMy name is Rance.
 Go ahead and call me Sir Hero, or Rance-sama, or
 Rance-san, or Master, or whatever youÅfd like!Åh
Bell Åh*Giggle* *giggle*... youÅfre a funny one.
      Then IÅfll call you Rance-san.
      HowÅfs that, Rance-san?Åh
ÅhGood. Where are you headed, Bell-san?Åh
Bell ÅhIÅfm doing a little shopping for dinner.
      I was thinking maybe IÅfd make my husbandÅfs
      favorite....Åh
ÅhHusband...?Åh
Bell ÅhYes. IÅfve been married for two years now.
      I have a childish face, so no one thinks IÅfm
      married.Åh
ÅhI was surprised too.
 But whether or not your someoneÅfs wife, if I get
 serious....Åh
Bell ÅhWell then, Rance-san.
      Thanks for the chat.
      LetÅfs do it again sometime.
      See you.Åh
Nitobe-kun ÅhDaaaah, daaaah, daaaah!Åh
ÅhUh.. Yeah.Åh
ÅhShe left, but...
 ...IÅfll do it someday....Åh
ÅhDo what, Rance-sama?Åh
(Hit)
ÅhOwwww.Åh
ÅhDonÅft ask things you donÅft need to know, slave.Åh
... Åh...heeeey....Åh
ÅhHm?Åh
... ÅhOniii-chaan!!Åh
ÅhOnii-chan?Åh
Becky ÅhBaah!Åh
ÅhOhh, Becky who sold her virginity to Kiseda, eh?Åh
Becky ÅhNuh-uh.
       Becky whose virginity was stolen by Rance!Åh
Becky ÅhHey, you know what?
       I told my friends IÅfm not a virgin anymore.
       And then they were super jealous!Åh
ÅhI see, I see.
 Then you better thank me once every morning, noon, and
 night.Åh
Becky ÅhMhmm.
       You liked it too, didnÅft you, onii-chan?
       My bo-dy?Åh
ÅhIt was alright.Åh
Becky ÅhUgh!
       Blehhhhhhhhhhhh!
       I wonÅft play with you anymore!Åh
ÅhIÅfm not gonna babysit brats.Åh
Becky ÅhWell then, see you!
       Uncle Rance!Åh
ÅhDonÅft call me Uncle!!Åh
Becky ran away.
ÅhRance.....Åh
ÅhBleeeeeeh.Åh
Maria and everyone who had been protecting the town
appeared in front of me, all beat up.
ÅhWhat the heck happened to you guys??Åh
ÅhMaria-san, what.. happened..?Åh
ÅhWe were beaten by monsters...
 IÅfm sorry.Åh
ÅhWhaat, you lost!!?Åh
ÅhWe couldnÅft do anything. That Tousho called Dio showed
 up and we couldnÅft beat him.Åh
ÅhThat Dio bastard.....
 Shit.Åh
ÅhSo, whatÅfs the damage??
 The town looks fine.Åh
ÅhYes, the town is safe...
 But....Åh
ÅhWhat is it?Åh
ÅhCynthia-san from the church was kidnapped.Åh
ÅhCynthia, you say!? Dio, that bastard, what does he think
 heÅfs doing!?
 He couldnÅft have taken her for sexy things....Åh
ÅhHeÅfs not you, Rance...Åh
ÅhLosers shouldnÅft complain!Åh
ÅhWhoÅfs a loser!!?Åh
ÅhYou are, you are, you are!!Åh
ÅhWhatÅfd you say!?
 Then Rance, youÅfd better be able to beat that Dio guy!Åh
ÅhOf course.Åh
ÅhRance-sama, fighting wonÅft help anything. We should go
 save Cynthia-san instead...Åh
ÅhRance-dono, could Cynthia-dono possibly be a priestess?
 Is she a person with magical ability?Åh
ÅhYeah, I mean sheÅfs AliciaÅfs younger sister.
 SheÅfs a priestess. What about it?Åh
ÅhDamn, so thatÅfs whatÅfs going on!
 That Upsilon........Åh
ÅhWhat are you talking about? DonÅft sit there
 understanding on your own.
 Explain it so that I can understand.Åh
ÅhI thought it was mysterious that this Toushin Toshi was
 still moving even after losing its power source, but I
 understand now.Åh
ÅhThat Cynthia girl has become UpsilonÅfs new power
 source.Åh
ÅhWhat? So our plan to beat up Upsilon when it was
 weakened from lack of energy is no good anymore?Åh
ÅhUnfortunately, yes.
 Upsilon has obtained a new energy source.Åh
ÅhShit.Åh
ÅhHowever, since UpsilonÅfs main energy source was
 destroyed, the girl should only be supplying it with a
 fraction of its original energy, and it shouldnÅft be
 able to use its full strength.Åh
ÅhWe must fight it now.
 When its power is weakened, Rance-dono.Åh
ÅhAlright, IÅfll do it.Åh
ÅhHey, IÅfm coming too.
 I canÅft accept this loss.Åh
ÅhI donÅft care.Åh
ÅhCan I come too?
 Cynthia-sanÅfs kidnapping is my responsibility, so please
 let me accompany you.Åh
Åh.........Åh
ÅhAlright, very well.Åh
ÅhThanks, Rance-kun.Åh
Shizuka and Leila joined the party.
ÅhHello, Rance-san.Åh
Kiseda, the head of the Youth League, appeared.
HeÅfs such an unimportant male character that even when he
comes out into town he still only gets a face CG.
ÅhWhat a loser.Åh
ÅhUmm, Rance-san.
 Is something wrong?Åh
ÅhNah, nothing an unimportant guy like you needs to worry
 about.Åh
Åh??Åh
ÅhOh, thatÅfs right.
 The Youth League Office was attacked.Åh
ÅhI see, that sounds tough.Åh
ÅhYou donÅft seem very surprised?Åh
ÅhDoesnÅft really have anything to do with me.
 If it doesnÅft have anything to do with me, I donÅft care
 if a countryÅfs destroyed or if a demonÅfs resurrected.Åh
Åh....I see.
 But just let me talk.Åh
ÅhIt was a girl with glasses who attacked us.Åh
ÅhWhat, a girl?Åh
ÅhYes, and she was pretty cute.Åh
ÅhSo what happened?Åh
ÅhThe girl with the glasses barged into the Youth League
 office and attacked us with this weird cylinder that
 shot out flames like magic, and then she took our
 precious food stores and ran.Åh
ÅhIt was so frightening.Åh
ÅhRance-sama.. could it be Maria-san?Åh
ÅhYeah, itÅfs gotta be Maria.Åh
ÅhHey, Kiseda.
 WhereÅfd that girl go?Åh
ÅhThe South Tower.
 She ran to the South Tower in the middle of the town.Åh
Åh..Was her name Maria-san?
 Was she Rance-sanÅfs acquaintance?Åh
ÅhYeah.
 SheÅfs my woman too.Åh
ÅhIs that so... Disappointing.Åh
ÅhRance-sama, letÅfs go to the South Tower...Åh
ÅhI got it.Åh
Sanakia ÅhGreetings, Rance.Åh
ÅhHm, youÅfre the Sanakia who cried girly tears after I
 took her virginity!Åh
Sanakia ÅhWhat was that!!?Åh
ÅhWhat is it, what do you want?Åh
ÅhAha, I see.
 You want me to fuck you again?Åh
Sanakia Åh.....Åh
ÅhThe kindest man in the world.
 ThatÅfs me.Åh
ÅhWell if youÅfre requesting, I guess IÅfve gotta do it.
 LetÅfs have fun again.Åh
Sanakia ÅhCease this foolishness.Åh
Sanakia ÅhDo not mock me!
         I will not forgive you for what you did.Åh
ÅhWhatÅfll you do then?
 Sanakia-chan?Åh
Sanakia ÅhDonÅft address a knight so familiarly!
         I believe I already told you that!Åh
ÅhYouÅfre a stubborn one.
 Be a little cuter.Åh
Sanakia ÅhIÅfm no longer a woman.
         I am a knight.Åh
Sanakia ÅhIÅfm exploring a dungeon and raising my level
         now.
         Just you wait.Åh
ÅhFor what?
 Are you practicing for sex?Åh
ÅhYeah, make sure you study how to pleasure yourself.Åh
Sanakia ÅhNo, not that!
         When next we meet, IÅfm challenging you to a
         duel.
         IÅfll end you then.Åh
ÅhOhh...?Åh
Sanakia ÅhIÅfll show you my strength when IÅfve leveled up.Åh
Saying that, Sanakia left the town.
ÅhRance-sama, Sanakia-san seems to really have a grudge
 against you.Åh
ÅhShe said something about a duel..
 This could be a problem.Åh
ÅhEh, if sheÅfs left the town, sheÅfll probably just be
 collecting experience in the West Tower or something.
 There are only weaklings over there.Åh
Åh.......Åh
ÅhWell, if she challenges me to a duel, IÅfve just gotta
 easily beat her.Åh
ÅhThen IÅfll be courteous and treat her nicely until she
 understands that sheÅfs a girl.Åh
ÅhGahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.Åh
Mai ÅhRance-san, the demon extermination...?Åh
ÅhIÅfm working on it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 A little more time!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Just a little more!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Then IÅfll be done!!!!!!!!!!!!!Åh
Mai ÅhI understand...
     Please do your best....Åh
Mai ÅhHow are things, Rance-san?
     How is the demon extermination going?
     Does it look like youÅfll be able to slay the demon?
     Will I be saved?Åh
ÅhYou again...
 If youÅfve got time to wander around like this, you
 should go practice making your voice sound sexy to turn
 me on.Åh
Mai ÅhBut, IÅfm so worried....
     I could only eat three bags of my favorite snacks
     today....Åh
ÅhIf you can eat that much, youÅfre fine!!
 Okay!? If you ruin that beautiful body line of yours
 before doing it with me, IÅfll take the cave demonÅfs
 side!! Got it!!?Åh
Mai ÅhYes.. But....Åh
ÅhGo home.Åh
Mai ÅhYes.. Excuse me...Åh
Mai ÅhUh... um...
     How did it go with the demon..?Åh
ÅhGahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!Åh
Mai ÅhUmm......Åh
ÅhGahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!Åh
Mai ÅhRance-san...?Åh
ÅhHurry up and get home while IÅfm still laughing!!
 Make it quick!!Åh
Mai ÅhYe- yes!!Åh
... ÅhRance-san...Åh
ÅhWhat, Mai, huh?
 Did you wash yourself properly?Åh
Mai ÅhMore importantly, how is the demon extermination
     going?Åh
ÅhPerfectly.Åh
Mai ÅhReally?Åh
ÅhReally.Åh
Mai ÅhReally really?Åh
ÅhReally!!Åh
Mai ÅhReally really really?Åh
ÅhDaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!!!
 Shut it!!
 If I say itÅfs true then white is black, okay!!?
 Do you get it!!?Åh
Mai Åh....Yes....Åh
ÅhIf you get it, then quit wandering around and go home.
 By the way, what do you do for a living?Åh
Mai ÅhI havenÅft had to work since it was decided that IÅfd
     be the sacrifice...
     IÅfm a pitiful girl whose future has been cruelly
     stolen.Åh
ÅhDonÅft call yourself pitiful.
 IÅfm starting to lose my sympathy here.
 I understand that youÅfre pitiful, so hurry up and get on
 home, okay?Åh
Mai Åh...Yes....
     Please excuse me....Åh
... ÅhUh.. umm....Åh
ÅhUh-umm?
 WhoÅfs that?Åh
ÅhIsnÅft she calling us, Rance-sama?Åh
ÅhShut up. I know that.
 I just felt like telling a joke.Åh
... ÅhUh.. umm....Åh
ÅhDeeeei!!
 WhoÅfs the one whoÅfs been going umm-umm-umm this whole
 time!!?Åh
... ÅhE.. excuse me..
     but are you.. Rance-san?Åh
ÅhIndeed I am.
 I am Rance-sama, the strongest warrior in the world!Åh
ÅhIÅfm his assistant, Sill.Åh
ÅhWhoÅfs an assistant!?
 How many times have I told you, youÅfre my slave!!
 Now, say it again!Åh
   (Hit hit hit)
ÅhI.. IÅfm sorry, Rance-sama...
 IÅfm Rance-samaÅfs slave, Sill....Åh
ÅhMmmmhm. Good, good. Now, youÅfve stopped me.
 If youÅfre trying to sell me something just Åfcause IÅfm
 new in town, IÅfm gonna turn around right here and make
 you cry like a baby.Åh
... ÅhSell you something...?Åh
ÅhWhat, you donÅft even have scammers here? This is why I
 hate the country.
 Hurry up and tell me the reason you stopped me!!Åh
... ÅhYes.. umm... I..
     My name is Mai.. I live in this town...Åh
Mai ÅhRance-san, you came from another world, right?Åh
ÅhFrom this ridiculous backwater townÅfs point of view,
 the country IÅfm from is probably something like another
 world, yeah.Åh
Mai ÅhThen.. youÅfre strong, right?Åh
ÅhOf course.
 I explained before, didnÅft I?
 IÅfm the strongest in history!Åh
Mai ÅhPlease.. please save me!Åh
ÅhWhat the..? This is too sudden, I donÅft get it at all.Åh
Mai ÅhI... IÅfm going to be sacrificed....Åh
ÅhSacrifice?
 What kinda relic from ancient times of a word is that?
 Is there some kinda amazing monster here?Åh
Mai ÅhYes... Since about 100 years ago...
     ThereÅfs a demon who lives in a cave who demands a
     female sacrifice every three years....Åh
ÅhWhy donÅft you just ignore it?Åh
Mai ÅhThatÅfs....
     We resisted his demands just once, but... when we
     did, the town was attacked by a large number of
     monsters.. Apparently a lot of people died....Åh
ÅhHow terrible...Åh
Mai ÅhAnd this year is one of those Åfevery threeÅf...
     ....And the day we give the sacrifice to the demon
     is one week from now...!!Åh
Mai ÅhIÅfm begging you!!
     Please.. please, save me!!
     I donÅft want to die yet!Åh
ÅhTheyÅfre nothing compared to me, but this town does have
 a Youth League, doesnÅft it? Why donÅft you ask them?Åh
Mai Åh...I canÅft...
     The old Youth League used to be very brave and
     gallant, but the people in the Youth League now
     are...Åh
Mai ÅhNone of them have ever really fought before..
     TheyÅfre all cowardly and weak, and when I suggested
     fighting the demon, they all started trembling in
     fear just thinking about it...Åh
ÅhHmm. What a sad story.
 Even IÅfm getting a little teary-eyed.Åh
ÅhRance-sama! LetÅfs save her!!Åh
ÅhI guess so....Åh
ÅhBut IÅfm expensive.
 IÅfm part of a guild with pretty high standing on the
 surface, you know.Åh
ÅhIÅfm always poor Åfcause that bald geezer Keith keeps
 ripping me off though.Åh
ÅhBut the reason we donÅft have any money is because
 Rance-sama keeps wasting it....Åh
  (Hit hit hit)
Åh*Sob* *sob* *sob*....Åh
Mai ÅhHow much is it..?Åh
Åh100,000,000 gold.Åh
Mai ÅhNo way....Åh
ÅhRance-sama, thatÅfs....Åh
ÅhShut up, Sill.
 Well, whatÅfll it be, Mai?Åh
Mai Åh....I canÅft pay....Åh
ÅhNo no no, thereÅfs one other way you can pay, you
 knooow.Åh
Mai ÅhWh.. what can I do?Åh
ÅhHow about giving that deliciouuuuuuus body of yours to
 me?Åh
ÅhAgain, Rance-sama....?Åh
ÅhShut up. This kind of bartering has been done since
 ancient times in human culture.
 WhatÅfs wrong with trading my talents for Mai-chanÅfs
 deliciouus-looking body!? IÅfm not taking her life!Åh
ÅhYou just need to let me do as I want for a while...Åh
Mai Åh.................
     I understand.
     IÅfll do anything....Åh
Mai ÅhSo.. so save me!!Åh
ÅhAlright, negotiations are complete.
 Just have faith in me and go wait in your house.Åh
ÅhYeah. Why donÅft you wash your body up reeeeeeeeeeeeal
 good for me.
 Or I could wash it for youu!Åh
Mai ÅhYes.. I understand..Åh
Mai bowed once, then disappeared into the row of houses.
ÅhHeh heh heh heh heh..
 This is what they mean by a duck coming along with a
 leek in its mouth, huh?
 Well then, what should I do with her..?Åh
Åh....................Åh
ÅhWhat, Sill?
 You have something you wanna say?Åh
ÅhNo, nothing...Åh
ÅhAlright, letÅfs head to the cave.
 Sill, follow me!Åh
ÅhBy the way, Rance-sama... where is this cave??Åh
ÅhYou donÅft know, Sill??Åh
ÅhIÅfm sorry...Åh
ÅhTch, youÅfre useless.
 Oh well.
 WeÅfll go ask those Youth League losers or something.Åh
ÅhHmmm, what a tiny-ass town.Åh
ÅhYes, itÅfs a very small town.Åh
ÅhThis town doesnÅft suit a big city dandy like me at all.
 This is kinda unpleasant.Åh
I turned to Sill and glared at her.
ÅhIÅfm sorry.Åh
ÅhApologize more.Åh
ÅhIÅfm sorry, IÅfm sorry, IÅfm sorry.Åh
ÅhVery well, letÅfs forget about the townÅfs
 unpleasantness.Åh
Now then.. what should we do?
ThereÅfs a pretty tall tower in the middle of the town.
I feel like itÅfs really important.
......Please choose.
DB
TP
DX
DB
TP
DX
It looks like itÅfs a pretty run-down diner.
But itÅfs run-down diners like this that usually have
surprisingly good food, so you canÅft judge them by their
appearance.
Hmmm, thinking about that has kinda made me hungry..
letÅfs eat.
ÅhFood, I wanna eat food!Åh
ÅhKyan, what is it so suddenly, Rance-sama..
 You surprised me.Åh
ÅhShut up, IÅfm hungry.
 Sill, get out the emergency chocolate rations.Åh
ÅhWe donÅft have any more.
 You ate them all a little while ago, Rance-sama.Åh
Åh...Oooh...Åh
ItÅfs a diner with a ridiculous old hag.
If she had any business competitors, I bet sheÅfd close
shop in a few minutes.
The place is small and dirty....
ThereÅfs that bossy old hag...
The foodÅfs not that good....
ThereÅfs that bossy old hag...
There arenÅft any waitresses with no panties...
ThereÅfs that bossy old hag...
Anyway, thereÅfs nothing good about that place.
Hopefully itÅfll go under some time soon.
Across the street is the St. Younashi Advent Church.
It looks completely average.
On the corner of the street is ÅhYocchanÅfs Shop,Åh the item
shop.
ÅhYocchonÅh is written on a big taiyaki-shaped sign.
WhatÅfs extremely pathetic about it is the fact that
ÅhYocchon,Åh not ÅhYocchan,Åh is mistakenly written on the
sign.
Hm... if I look closer, thereÅfs a super suspicious guy
loitering around the entrance.
The manÅfs wearing a thick coat and a mask..
HeÅfs.. heÅfs suspicious. From his looks heÅfs gotta be a
dangerous rapist. (ÅÉÅ|Decided)
An enemy of women like him should be defeated by an ally
of women like myself.
ÅhHey, you bastard.. IÅfm gonna kill you.Åh
When I rushed over to the suspicious man, he ran away.
ÅhTch, heÅfs a fast runner.Åh
Looks like the suspicious manÅfs gone.
ItÅfs a small country town.
ItÅfs stagnating with absolutely no energy to it.
ÅhWhat a small town....
 But itÅfs gotta have at least the bare minimum for
 shops.Åh
ÅhYes.Åh
ÅhYouÅfve already investigated what shops they have here,
 right, Sill?Åh
ÅhYes, the biggest shops of the town are all along this
 main street.Åh
ÅhThe inner parts of the town are mostly residences, and
 there werenÅft any strange places.Åh
ÅhAlso, outside of the town there are fields.
 The people of the town are working very hard.
 They seemed very busy.Åh
ÅhI donÅft care about that crap.
 What about the shops?Åh
ÅhOh, yes.Åh
ÅhThat store there is called the ÅfYum Yum DinerÅf and it
 functions as both an inn and a diner.
 Its most popular dish is the ÅfFreon Lunch.ÅfÅh
ÅhOver there is the St. Younashi Advent Church, which
 serves as a support for the hearts of the townspeople.
 I visited them earlier, but there was no one home, so
 IÅfm not sure what theyÅfre like.Åh
ÅhHmm, how do you know itÅfs the support of the
 townspeople if no one was there when you went, eh?Åh
ÅhWell thatÅfs, because churches.. are places like that..
 umm...Åh
ÅhDumbass, donÅft speculate.
 The priest might be a vicious evildoer for all you
 know!!
 Geez.Åh
Åh....Åh
ÅhWell, whatever. WhatÅfs next?Åh
ÅhYes.Åh
ÅhAt the corner, there, is an item shop called ÅfYocchanÅfs
 ShopÅf that serves as an all-purpose general store.
 I bought Rance-samaÅfs equipment there.Åh
ÅhSo that shop sells weapons and armor?Åh
ÅhYes, as well as various other everyday items.Åh
Åh...So they donÅft have any specialty stores.. we really
 are out in the boonies.Åh
ÅhAnd, what else is there?Åh
ÅhThatÅfs it.Åh
ÅhThe nude theater?Åh
Åh...Umm, doesnÅft look like they have one.Åh
ÅhThe sweets shop?Åh
ÅhThey.. donÅft seem to have one of those either.Åh
ÅhTch.
 They seriously only have the bare minimum?Åh
Åh....Yes.
 ItÅfs too bad.Åh
I donÅft have anyone to talk to.
ÅhIÅfm the strongest in the world.Åh
ÅhIÅfm the coolest in the world.Åh
ÅhIÅfm the most popular guy in the universe.Åh
ÅhEverything in the world belongs to me.Åh
...Hmph, I ended up mumbling obvious stuff again.
ÅhRance-sama, itÅfll be fun now that we have some Leazas
 people in our party.Åh
ÅhWeÅfve just got more dead weight.
 IÅfd feel better by myself.Åh
Åh.........Åh
ÅhRance-sama, the townspeople are scared since theyÅfve
 gotten attacked by monsters, so letÅfs do our best,
 okay?Åh
ÅhI donÅft care what happens to the town.Åh
ÅhRance-sama...Åh
ÅhBut anyone who opposes me dies.
 LetÅfs do this, Sill.Åh
ÅhYes.Åh
ÅhRance-sama.Åh
ÅhHm.. You need something?Åh
ÅhUmm... that is...Åh
ÅhWhat is it, spit it out.Åh
ÅhIt looks like we might be on a dangerous adventure
 again, but letÅfs do our best.Åh
Åh...Dumbass.Åh
ÅhThere arenÅft many people in this town, huh, Rance-sama?Åh
ÅhAnd?Åh
ÅhWell.. itÅfs.. kinda lonely.. you know?Åh
ÅhAre we leaving the town again, Rance-sama?Åh
ÅhDonÅft you think we should look around a bit more first?Åh
ÅhOf course. Why would you say something so obvious?
 When did I say I was leaving the town?Åh
ÅhEh??Åh
ÅhBut Rance-sama, you...Åh
(Hit)
ÅhDonÅft talk back to me.Åh
Åh*So-ob*.Åh
WeÅfll leave after weÅfve looked around a bit more.
WeÅfre leaving Cassado.
I still donÅft really know much about the town, so letÅfs
look around it once before going anywhere.
I headed to the tower in the center of the town.
(Walk walk walk)
In the middle of the main street stands a large,
mysterious building.
ItÅfs been bugging me for a while now.
Sill didnÅft say anything about it....
What the heck is this building?
Well, whatever. IÅfll figure it out if I go inside.
Alright, letÅfs go.
I headed to the mysterious building.
IÅfm raiding the evil diner thatÅfs holding Sill captive.
Just watch, hag.
ÅhWeÅfre goinÅf to the hagÅfs shop.Åh
ÅhYes, Ms. FreonÅfs shop, right?Åh
Alright, letÅfs go to the item shop then.
ÅhThe item shop, Rance-sama?Åh
ÅhYeah.Åh
ÅhUmm.. please buy me a new weapon too.
 IÅfm sure IÅfll be useful to you, Rance-sama.Åh
Åh...Waste aÅf money.Åh
ÅhOoh... *sob* *sob*.Åh
ÅhLetÅfs go to the church.Åh
ÅhYes, Rance-sama.Åh
ÅhWell, nothingÅfll happen if we just stand around like
 this.
 LetÅfs go to one of the shops.Åh
ÅhYes, youÅfre right.Åh
I stared hard at my surroundings.
ÅhWhat a gloomy fuckinÅf town.Åh
With a quick look, this tiny town seems to have a diner,
an equipment shop, and a church... Looks like thatÅfs all
there is, just like Sill said.
ÅhHey now, they donÅft even have an inn?
 *Siiiigh*....Åh
ÅhYes.. they donÅft seem to have many shops.Åh
ÅhYou mean they donÅft have ANY.
 Tch.Åh
ÅhOh well, letÅfs go to that diner then.
 IÅfm hungry after all.Åh
ÅhRance-sama...Åh
Sill pulled my sleeve.
ÅhWhat is it?Åh
ÅhWe should wait until later to go to the diner...Åh
ÅhWhy.Åh
ÅhUmmm, that is...Åh
Sill fidgeted, still gripping my sleeve.
ÅhWeÅfre going to the diner, and thatÅfs that.Åh
ÅhAhhn..Åh
I pulled Sill along and entered the diner.
It was run-down inside just like I pictured it would be.
Looks like we wonÅft be able to expect much from the food,
huh.
Åh......Åh
With a diner as small as this, five people would fill it
up.
DoesnÅft seem like it could fulfill the RPG function of
pub/gathering-place-for-adventurers like this.
Åh.........Åh
On top of that, it doesnÅft look like there are any other
customers besides us, so itÅfs certainly not thriving.
I bet the food tastes like ass. IÅfm far too kind to
actually bother coming to a place like this.
Åh.......Åh
ÅhHey, how long are you gonna keep me waiting?
 YouÅfve got a customer, hurry up and come out.Åh
Åh.........Åh
But even after I waited a loooong minute, no one appeared
to greet us.
ÅhI see, so thatÅfs it, youÅfre mocking me, eh?
 Ahh, this pisses me off, IÅfm gonna wreck the place!Åh
And right when I was about to go wild, from the back of
the shop came a single girl..
Hag ÅhWelcome.Åh
Åh....No thanks.Åh
Hag ÅhHey, what happened, wait a second.Åh
ÅhWhat do you mean... what happened!!Åh
ÅhThe lady at an inn in an RPG has to be a beautiful
 girl!!
 Especially in the stories featuring me, itÅfs gotta be!Åh
ÅhAnd yet.. and yet...Åh
Hag ÅhA beautiful girl.. isnÅft that me then?Åh
ÅhDonÅft get ahead of yourself, hag.
 IÅfm in a bad mood.Åh
Hag ÅhHey, can you quit it with the hag thing?Åh
Freon ÅhI have a name, and itÅfs Freoncoise.
       Call me Freon-chan.Åh
ÅhBleeegh.Åh
Freon Åh......Åh
ÅhWeÅfre leaving, Sill.Åh
ÅhOh, yes.Åh
When we tried to leave the shitty diner, the hagÅfs voice
stopped us.
Freon ÅhOh, arenÅft you Sill-chan, from earlier?
       How nice of you to come back, just like you
       promised.Åh
ÅhOh.. umm.. yes.Åh
ÅhHm, you promised? WhatÅfs this about?Åh
ÅhUmm.. In order to buy clothes for Rance-sama.. umm...Åh
ÅhWhat is it??Åh
ÅhWell.. I promised.Åh
ÅhWith this hag?Åh
ÅhYes...Åh
Freon ÅhYep, she did.Åh
ÅhShut up, donÅft open your mouth, hag, youÅfll dirty the
 air.Åh
Freon ÅhMm, geez.Åh
ÅhSo what was the promise?Åh
ÅhWell.. I received the funds to purchase Rance-samaÅfs
 clothes from Ms. Freon.Åh
Freon ÅhYep.Åh
Åh........Åh
ÅhAnd as compensation, I promised I would work at this
 diner for.. well...
 three months.Åh
ÅhWhaat.. Sill, you did this without my permision..
 you slave..!Åh
(Hit hit hit)
ÅhAhhn, but.. Rance-sama.. said- to do anything.. ahhn!Åh
ÅhShut up.Åh
(Hit hit hit)
(Kick smack kick)
ÅhAhhn, IÅfm sorry!Åh
ÅhTch.Åh
Freon ÅhNow Sill-chan, go ahead and change.
       YouÅfre gonna start working right now.Åh
ÅhIÅfm sorry Rance-sama, I had to do it to buy your
 clothes, I had no choice.Åh
ÅhSeriously, doing something like that without consulting
 me...
 Anyway, weÅfre leaving.Åh
ÅhRance-sama, I.. have the promise with Ms. Freon...Åh
ÅhItÅfs void, of course. WeÅfre leaving.Åh
I took Sill and attempted to leave the diner.
But the mistress of the shop got in front of me.
Freon ÅhHey now, IÅfm not letting you get away.
       This girlÅfs gonna attract customers for me for
       the next three months.Åh
ÅhOutta the way, hag.
 IÅfm in a very bad mood right now.
 If you donÅft wanna die youÅfll keep that ugly face out
 of my sight.Åh
Freon ÅhOh? You sound pretty sure of yourself.
       I like strong boys. LetÅfs see.
       If you can beat me, IÅfll take back the three
       months promise.Åh
Freon ÅhIÅfll also let you two eat here free for your
       whole lives.Åh
ÅhDumbass, who do you think I am!
 You old hag.. youÅfll regret this!Åh
I attacked the stupid old hag.
Ugh.. no fuckinÅf way..
I canÅft lose to this haaag..!
Freon ÅhHmph, how pathetic..
       YouÅfre wasting your youth being so weak.Åh
Freon ÅhTrain yourself up a bit more.
       Level 1 warriors wonÅft get anywhere in Cassado
       anymore.Åh
Level 1.. level 1... level 1 she says...
Kuh.. seems like IÅfve dropped from level 40-50 to level 1
from the God of LightÅfs little prank..
That bastard.. next time I see him IÅfll kill him.
Freon ÅhThen Sill-chan, get to work, okay?Åh
ÅhNo way! ThatÅfs mine!!Åh
I unexpectedly lost earlier, but.. thereÅfs no way I could
lose to this hag!
Freon ÅhYou donÅft learn, do you, boy?Åh
ÅhShut uuup!!Åh
ÅhKuh.. shit!Åh
Freon ÅhCome back later. You canÅft beat me now.Åh
ÅhD.. dammit.. IÅfll get you for this..!Åh
I flew out of the diner.
ÅhRance-samaaa..!Åh
Shit, so this is the punishment the God of Light was
talking about.
I wonÅft forgive him.
ÅhThat fuckinÅf hag... IÅfll kill Åfer.Åh
Anyhow, first IÅfve gotta crush that old hag.
I donÅft wanna, but I guess IÅfve gotta get some experience
points and power up.
Hm? If it isnÅft Kanami....
SheÅfs walking around looking awfully happy...
Arrrgh.. SheÅfs supposed to be desperately looking for
ways to get me back on the surface, but sheÅfs acting so
carefree..
   I  canÅft  forgive  her  !  !  !
But... what the hellÅfs she so happy about? That Kanami..
Looking closer, sheÅfs carrying a huge paper bag as if
itÅfs the most important thing in the world.
ÅhOh, Kanami-sa...Åh
ÅhShh, be quiet!!Åh
Saying that, I closed SillÅfs mouth with my hand.
ÅhMgh... mhat immit?Åh
        (what is it?)
Åh....I smell a secret.Åh
ÅhFueh?Åh
ÅhThereÅfs some secret... to that paper bag KanamiÅfs got.Åh
ÅhNo way... youÅfre thinking too hard about it, Rance-sama.
 I mean, thatÅfs a normal shopping bag...Åh
ÅhNo way, itÅfs suspicious.Åh
ÅhIn the first place, the hag at the diner prepares
 everything we need to live, so thereÅfs no need to go
 shopping at all.Åh
ÅhBut... there are a few things...Åh
ÅhAnyway... weÅfre following her.Åh
Åh......Yes.Åh
Walk walk walk.................
.................walk walk walk
But Kanami.. even though sheÅfs a ninja, she shows no
signs of noticing our presence.....
She must be pretty happy......
.......................
After we followed her for a little while, Kanami entered
a storage shed just outside of town.
ÅhWhatÅfs she doing in this dirty storage shed?Åh
ÅhI wonder?Åh
ÅhHmmÅ`..... letÅfs see..Åh
ÅhThat Kanami, sheÅfs definitely bought a vibrator or some
 candles or something in secret and is planning on having
 fun with them by herself.Åh
ÅhI donÅft think so...Åh
ÅhNope, thatÅfs gotta be it. IÅfve decided!Åh
ÅhOooh.Åh
ÅhHeh, what a fool. If she wanted to have fun she could
 just have told me and I would do her however dozens of
 thousands of times she wants!Åh
Åh...............Åh
ÅhBut really, does she not know that itÅfs more fun to mess
 around with two people than one.. she truly is a fool.Åh
Åh....But watching girls have fun with themselves is nice
 for men too.Åh
Åh*Sigh*.........Åh
ÅhSo thatÅfs that, Sill. You wait here.Åh
Åh........Yes.Åh
Fufufu... well then, letÅfs observe Kanami as she has fun
with herself.
When I opened the door just a bit and peered in, Kanami was in front
of a large mirror.
..........Hm?
What, sheÅfs not playing with herself? Boring.
Well, whatever.... letÅfs just watch for a while.
Kanami ÅhUmm.... then I tie the ribbon here... there.
        Okay. It looks pretty cute.Åh
Kanami ÅhThen, if I do this....Åh
Kanami ÅhThere... itÅfs perfect.
        But the skirt of these clothes is kinda short...Åh
Kanami ÅhBut itÅfs cuter this way, so I guess itÅfs fine....
        And... itÅfs not like anyoneÅfs going to see it..Åh
So Kanami came all this way just to wear these clothes...
Tch, acting so misleading.
Kanami ÅhNow to apply some light lipstick... there.
        Yeah, is it something like this?Åh
Kanami Åh*Giggle* *giggle*.... itÅfs kind of mysterious.
        That I can feel this happy just by wearing cute clothes like
        this.Åh
Kanami ÅhEheheh, hmm, lalalala.Åh
Kanami twirled in front of the mirror and took a pose like a fashion
model.
Kanami Åh*Giggle*, I wonder if I look cute wearing these clothes?
        Hey, Mr. Mirror. Am I.... well.... cute?Åh
Kanami, asking the mirror with a serious expression.
Daaaaah, is she a total idiot!!!
I cursed her in my heart at this unexpectedly sickening turn of
events.
Kanami ÅhBut..... if Lia-sama found out I was playing around with
        these clothes instead of accomplishing my mission...
        SheÅfd be mad...Åh
Kanami ÅhIÅfm sorry, Lia-sama... but.... itÅfs alright every once in a
        while, right..?Åh
Rance ÅhNope, itÅfs not!Åh
Kanami ÅhWh- whoÅfs there?Åh
Rance ÅhFufufu..... itÅfs Rance-sama.Åh
Kanami ÅhWhy are you.... here....?Åh
When Kanami saw me, she cowered with an expression like a child whose
prank has been discovered.
Rance ÅhHmmmm... I thought you were weirdly happy, so this was it,
       huh...
       HmmÅ`, I see..Åh
I looked closely at the clothes Kanami was wearing, up and down, as
if tasting them with my eyes.
Kanami ÅhWha- what do you want?Åh
Rance ÅhHmph... they donÅft suit you.Åh
Kanami ÅhWhat did you say!?Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfm saying they donÅft suit you at all.Åh
Kanami ÅhKuh......Åh
Kanami glared at me, frustrated at my words.
Rance ÅhAnd in the first place, what are you doing trying on clothes
       all carefree like this when youÅfre supposed to be desperately
       searching for a way to return me to the surface!?Åh
Rance ÅhSeriously, you didnÅft even notice I was following you this
       whole time, you failure of a ninja!Åh
Kanami ÅhKuh..................Åh
Rance ÅhWhat if itÅfd been an enemy following you? You coulda been
       stabbed right in the back..
       Dead, right there!Åh
Kanami ÅhOh..............Åh
Heheh, KanamiÅfs turning white realizing how serious this is.
But... I said the clothes didnÅft suit her earlier, but looking at her
like this, she does look pretty cute.. the clothes are new and fresh
after all.
IÅfm getting turned on, IÅfm getting turned on,
IÅfm getting turned on, IÅfm getting turned on.
Rance ÅhAlright! In order to correct your corrupted mind, IÅfm going to
       have to punish you reaÅ`l good!
       Be grateful!!Åh
Pronouncing that verdict, I attacked Kanami, who was hanging her
head.
Kanami ÅhNo, no, stop! Stupid Raance!Åh
Kanami struggled under me.
Rance ÅhHeheheh, is that really okaay? If you struggle so much, the
       clothes you bought will rip right apart!Åh
Kanami ÅhNo.. donÅft rip.... my clothes..Åh
Rance ÅhIf you donÅft want them to rip, then youÅfd better stay still.Åh
Kanami Åh....................Åh
Kanami silently stopped resisting.
I pulled up KanamiÅfs clothes now that sheÅfd stopped resisting and
bared her breasts from her bra.
Rance ÅhWhat the? ...WhatÅfs with this frog bra?Åh
Kanami Åh....Well, it was cute....Åh
Rance ÅhKanami. Your fashion sense is the worst.Åh
Kanami ÅhBut it was cute...
        It was cute..Åh
Kanami repeats herself over and over, her eyes wet with tears.
....SheÅfs seriously crying. Tch, this is getting annoying.
Getting my motivation back, I flipped KanamiÅfs skirt up
and stroked KanamiÅfs white, frilly underwear.
Rance ÅhHmmÅ`... So you even bought new underwear...Åh
Kanami ÅhLeave me alone....
        ItÅfs got nothing to do with you!Åh
Rance ÅhNope, buying new underwear means you were hoping for something
       sexy to happen!!!Åh
Saying that, I stroked KanamiÅfs slit over her underwear.
Kanami ÅhAh.... nnh!Åh
When I touched a sensitive place with my finger, Kanami let out a
little gasp. I continued to stimulate that place, drawing out
KanamiÅfs voice...
Kanami ÅhKuu.... ah... auu!Åh
I slipped my fingers into her underwear and directly carressed her
flower petals.
Compared to our first time, her bud was opening just a little more
and my fingers were feeling a soft wetness.
Kanami Åh*Gasp*... ah.. aah!Åh
With a heartbroken expression, Kanami trembled, automatically letting
her voice out against her will because of my godlike technique.
KanamiÅfs new underwear became wet with her own love juice.
Rance ÅhHeheheh, itÅfs not my fault if youÅfre getting them dirty by
       yourself.Åh
Kanami ÅhNo.... stop it... Rance... please.. this is... just too
        much..Åh
Rance ÅhYou know, telling me to stop just makes me want to do more.Åh
Ignoring KanamiÅfs protests, I moved my fingers around KanamiÅfs flower
petals.
Kanami ÅhKuh.. ah..... why... canÅft I just wear normal girlsÅf clothes
        and be happy..Åh
Kanami shivers, tears running down her cheeks...
Kanami ÅhEver since I was a little kid, IÅfve had to train my ninja
        techniques every day.. I could only watch other girls my age
        wearing pretty clothes and having fun..Åh
Kanami ÅhNo... I put up with it thinking that I had to do what I was
        supposed to do... but... I... I..Åh
Kanami ÅhIÅfm a girl.. *hic*.. isnÅft it.. isnÅft it alright if I just
        wanna wear them sometimes? Is it that bad?Åh
KanamiÅfs tears fall endlessly.
It was like the dam holding back her admiration of normal girls had
broken and all of her emotions had come rushing out at once.
Rance ÅhHmph. ItÅfs Åfcause you think like that that youÅfre so
       undefended all the time.Åh
Kanami Åh...I donÅft care if IÅfm undefended.. even if an enemy attacks
        me from behind and I die...Åh
Kanami Åh...IÅfd be able to die as a normal girl... so.. I, wouldnÅft
        care...
        *hic*.. *hic*.Åh
Saying that, Kanami began crying loudly like a child.
Rance ÅhShit.... I donÅft care anymore.. aargh, I quit, I quit. I donÅft
       wanna listen to your life story while we fuck.Åh
Kanami Åh......Rance....Åh
Rance ÅhInstead, IÅfm gonna fuck you like mad once we get back to the
       inn tonight! YouÅfd better be fuckinÅf ready!Åh
Kanami Åh...............Åh
I gave up on fucking Kanami and left the shed.
