The morning of the next day.
ÅhHey, Rance-san.
 Should we take a morning walk?Åh
ÅhA walk? I donÅft do old man things like that...Åh
ÅhOh, but itÅfll be a fun walk.
 WeÅfll use this.Åh
Saying that, Io took a vibrator out of her pocket.
ÅhIsnÅft that the vibrator from the SM Room?
 WhatÅfre we gonna do with that?Åh
ÅhYou use it like this.Åh
(Whisper whisper whisper)
Io whispered into my ear.
ÅhI see, that does sound interesting.Åh
ÅhDoesnÅft it?Åh
ÅhAlright, letÅfs get ready for our walk.Åh
ÅhCÅfmere, Sill.Åh
ÅhYes, Rance-sama.
 Good morning.Åh
ÅhAlright, itÅfs a little sudden, but weÅfre gonna use
 this.Åh
ÅhThatÅfs...Åh
ÅhYup, itÅfs your favorite, Sill, a vibrator!Åh
Åh...I donÅft particularly like those.Åh
ÅhShut up and stick it in.Åh
ÅhNo..!Åh
I ripped off SillÅfs panties and stuck the vibrator in
forcibly when she wasnÅft even wet.
Åh*Gasp*...!Åh
ÅhAlright, thatÅfs good.
 You can put your panties back on now.Åh
ÅhBut no taking the vibrator out.Åh
ÅhAlright, theyÅfre on, yeah?Åh
ÅhRance-sama..!Åh
ÅhYouÅfre so cute.
 The vibrator feels good, right?Åh
ÅhIt.. it doesnÅft.Åh
ÅhOh, donÅft act strong like that.
 IÅfll push the switch.Åh
(Push)
(Bzzzzzzzzzz)
ÅhAh... aaah..!Åh
ÅhAlright, then letÅfs go on our walk.Åh
ÅhA walk, Rance-sama..?Åh
ÅhYup, weÅfre going outside.
 CÅfmon, Sill.Åh
ÅhThere arenÅft many people out yet.Åh
ÅhRance-sama.. letÅfs go back.
 This is embarrassing.Åh
ÅhYeah, the only people whoÅfd walk around town with
 vibrators in Åfem would be perverts, wouldnÅft they?Åh
(Push)
Saying so, I pushed the switch on the vibrator.
(Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzz)
ÅhAh... ow....!Åh
(Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzz)
ÅhOh no... Rance-samaaa.. please.. ahh!Åh
ÅhGahahahahaha, well then...Åh
ÅhWhy donÅft we head to the Youth League office next?
 I wonder what theyÅfll do when they find out SillÅfs a
 dirty pervert?
 Heeheeheeheeheeheehee.Åh
ÅhPlease, Rance-sama.
 Please forgive me.Åh
ÅhIÅfll do anything you say, so.. please stop bullying me
 like this.Åh
(Push)
(Bzzzzzzzzzz)
Åh...Ooh... *gasp*...!Åh
ÅhHow is it, Sill? Does it feel good?Åh
Åh*Sniffle*.. Rance-sama..!Åh
ÅhHey, Rance-san.
 LetÅfs make her get naked and masturbate here!Åh
ÅhI bet sheÅfll be even more turned on if the people of the
 town see her, since sheÅfs a pervert!Åh
ÅhRance-sama, I.. I canÅft.
 I canÅft do that!Åh
Åh...Well, itÅfs fine.
 IÅfll forgive you with this.Åh
ÅhEhhh? Rance-san,
 letÅfs do more!Åh
ÅhNah, itÅfll be boring teasing her more than this.
 WeÅfre going back to the inn.Åh
ÅhTch.Åh
ÅhRance-sama!Åh
I called Sill to my room.
ÅhDo you need something, Rance-sama?Åh
My business with Sill is....
LetÅfs use the mysterious drug PTTP.
ÅhAlright, Sill.
 Drink this.Åh
Sill ÅhWhat.. is it?Åh
ÅhIt doesnÅft matter, just drink it.Åh
Sill ÅhBut....Åh
ÅhDrink.Åh
Sill ÅhY.... yes....Åh
Sill timidly drank the mysterious drug PTTP.
Sill ÅhNh....Åh
Åh................Åh
Sill ÅhNh....!!!Åh
ÅhOhh!!Åh
Rance ÅhLi.....Åh
Rance ÅhLittle kid Sill....Åh
Little Kid Sill ÅhWhat, what?
                 What izzit?Åh
Rance ÅhSheÅfs even talking like a little kid....Åh
Rance ÅhBut....Åh
Rance ÅhI guess little kids could have little kidsÅf appeal....Åh
Rance ÅhAnd itÅfs kind of a fresh situation....Åh
Little Kid Sill ÅhWhat izzit?
                 Wance-oniichan.Åh
Rance ÅhDonÅft be scared now!
       Onii-chanÅfs gonna do fun stuff with you!Åh
Little Kid Sill ÅhNo, no...!
                 If you touch thewe, IÅfll pee-pee...!Åh
Rance ÅhItÅfs fine, itÅfs fine... letÅfs see....Åh
Hrmm, even if sheÅfs small, a woman is a woman....
....But.....
Rance ÅhItÅfs small....Åh
Little Kid Sill ÅhOnii-chan, you canÅft touch thewe!
                 SillÅfll pee-pee...!Åh
ItÅfs too small, my super hyper weapon wonÅft fit...
B.. but wait....
We could do sumata....
Rance ÅhLetÅfs see....Åh
Little Kid Sill ÅhNo..!Åh
Rance Åh...No sumata either, huh..?Åh
I poked SillÅfs smooth slit with the tip of my hyper weapon.
Little Kid Sill ÅhOnii-chan, no doing weiwd stuff, okay...?Åh
Rance ÅhShut up, Sill....
       ....ThatÅfs right... her mouth.Åh
Little Kid Sill Åh?Åh
I forgot about her mouth.
IÅfll just have her stick my hyper weapon into her cute little mouth.
Rance ÅhThere, Sill.
       Stick....Åh
Little Kid Sill ÅhNnnn, Nnnn!Åh
Rance ÅhHer mouthÅfs too small too...Åh
This is kinda painful...
I would rather just fuck Sill like usual.
Rance ÅhAlright, Sill.
       Turn back.Åh
Little Kid Sill ÅhWhat should I do?Åh
Rance Åh.................Åh
Come to think of it, there were instructions written on the PTTPÅfs
container.
Rance ÅhLetÅfs see here....Åh
Rance ÅhThe effects of the secret medicine PTTP will last one
       night...Åh
Rance Åh...So I canÅft do it with Sill tonight?Åh
Rance ÅhOoh... *sob* *sob*....
       What am I supposed to do with these feelings..?Åh
Little Kid Sill ÅhThewe thewe, donÅft cwy.
                 IÅfll pat youw head fow you.Åh
Rance ÅhWhatever, IÅfm going to bed.
       *Sob* *sob*.....Åh
I embraced my pillow and went to sleep.
ÅhWeÅfre using the SM room for the first time in a while
 today.Åh
Sill ÅhEhh? I donÅft like the SM room....Åh
ÅhDonÅft complain!
 LetÅfs go.Åh
Åh*Sniffle*... I really donÅft like it...Åh
ÅhReallyyy?
 I think itÅfs great.Åh
Åh...*Sob* *sob*....Åh
ÅhNow, letÅfs have some fun!
 WeÅfre starting with this!Åh
(Whoooooooooooooosh)
ÅhI.. I donÅft like being tied up...!Åh
ÅhGahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!Åh
ÅhKyaa!!Åh
Rance ÅhOh my, Sill-chan.
       YouÅfre practically flooding here.Åh
Sill Åh.............Åh
Rance ÅhWe canÅft have this.
       WeÅfll have to plug it up right away.Åh
Sill ÅhAh... aah....!Åh
Sill ÅhNnh!!Åh
I slowly stuck two fingers into Sill since she was already wet.
Sill ÅhRa... Rance-sama...
      It hurts...!Åh
Rance ÅhIt shouldnÅft.
       After all, usually it accepts my dick pretty well....Åh
As I spoke, I moved my fingers around inside of her.
Sill Åh*Gasp*!!Åh
Rance ÅhJust two of my delicate fingers wonÅft get anywhere, eh?Åh
LetÅfs try one more....
Sill ÅhN.. no.. ah.. aah...Åh
Rance ÅhThis is no good. Looks like I canÅft plug this up with my
       fingers.....Åh
I pulled my fingers out of Sill.
Sill ÅhOh...!Åh
Sill sank onto the bed as if relieved.
Rance ÅhIÅfll plug it up with this next!!Åh
(Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz)
Sill ÅhTh... thatÅfs....Åh
Rance ÅhThere!!Åh
Sill ÅhKyan!!Åh
Sill ÅhIt... it hurts, Rance-samaa!!Åh
Rance ÅhOh?
       You want me to move this vibrator around now?
       How naughty.Åh
Sill ÅhN.. no... ah... auu!Åh
I grabbed the vibrator, sticky with drool from SillÅfs lower mouth,
and moved it around.
Hmmm. It feels good to do it with something other than my dick
sometimes.....
Sill ÅhOw... no.. ah.. ah....!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahahahahahaha!
       Enjoy it more!Åh
I played with one of SillÅfs nipples with the nails of one of my
hands, and moved the vibrator with my other hand.
Sill ÅhAaah.. aah... ah...!Åh
Occasionally I pull the rope and further bind Sill.
Sill ÅhNh!!Åh
Occasionally I grab her butt with both of my hands, opening and
closing it.
Sill ÅhAh.. aah...!Åh
Occasionally I thoroughly knead her breasts.
Sill ÅhNo... Rance-sama-ah....!
      Please sto... ah... aah...!Åh
Rance ÅhHey hey hey hey heeey!!Åh
I moved the vibrator inside Sill quickly with my god hand.
Sill ÅhAh.. aah.....!Åh
Sill ÅhNh.....!!!Åh
I felt a great sense of accomplishment when I finally made Sill come.
Rance ÅhHmmmmm, hm, hm...!Åh
ÅhLetÅfs use this to have fun today!Åh
I took out the aphrodisiac I bought at the item shop.
Sill ÅhRance-sama, isnÅft that an aphrodisiac...?Åh
ÅhYup.
 ItÅfs a drug I bought for you, Sill!Åh
ÅhBut if I drink that....Åh
ÅhYup.Åh
ÅhItÅfs a wonderful drug that will make any girl want my
 dick so bad she wonÅft be able to take it anymore!Åh
Åh...IÅfm scared....Åh
ÅhDrink it, drink it, drink it, drink it, drink it, drink
 it, drink it!!Åh
Åh..Y... yes....Åh
ÅhAaargh!! WhatÅfs taking you so long!!
 Just do it! In one gulp! Do it!!!Åh
Åh........Here goes!!Åh
Sill drank the aphrodisiac I handed her in one gulp.
Åh..............Åh
Åh...ah.....Åh
Sill dropped the bottle on the floor and started
trembling.
ÅhRa...nce...sama....Åh
ÅhAlright, lie down on the bed.Åh
Sill ÅhY... yes....Åh
Sill ÅhRance-sama, my body.....Åh
Sill looked at me with wet eyes and moved her hands toward my legs.
Rance ÅhStay still, no touching.Åh
Sill ÅhB... but Rance-sama....Åh
Her voice is trembling as if sheÅfs about to cry.
Hmm, what a good drug.
.....But.... itÅfs not often that Sill wants it this bad.
Instead of sticking it right in, maybe IÅfll tease her a bit....
Rance Åh...Alright, Sill...
       Say XXXX.Åh
Sill Åh...But thatÅfs.....Åh
Rance ÅhI wonÅft do anything if you donÅft say it.
       Hey, I told you no touching!Åh
Sill Åh....x....Åh
Rance ÅhHmmmmm? I canÅft hear youu?Åh
Sill Åh...XXXX....Åh
Rance ÅhGood, good.Åh
So saying, I touched SillÅfs breasts from over her clothes.
Sill ÅhAh...!Åh
Rance ÅhAlright, next.Åh
I slapped SillÅfs hand away, since it was getting grabby again.
Rance ÅhIÅfm the naughtiest girl in the world.
       You can do anything to me. Please, put your semen in my
       *beep*.Åh
Rance ÅhMy upper mouth will be lonely if you only put it in my lower
       mouth, so please give me your hot cum.. say it.Åh
Sill Åh....I canÅft....Åh
Rance ÅhOh? That doesnÅft sound like something a person who just said
       XXXX earlier would say.Åh
Sill Åh.................Åh
Rance ÅhIf you wonÅft say it, weÅfre done.
       IÅfll kick you out of the room like that.Åh
Sill Åh...................Åh
Sill Åh...I....Åh
Sill ÅhIÅfm the naughtiest girl in the world.. you can do anything to
      me.
      ...Please, put your semen.. in my *beep*.Åh
Sill ÅhMy.. upper mouth will be lonely... if you only put it in my
      lower mouth, so please give me your hot cum...Åh
Rance ÅhAlright, alright, good girl.
       Then just like you asked IÅfll put it in the top and the
       bottom!Åh
Sill ÅhAh... aah....!!!Åh
............
........
......
....
ÅhTodayÅfs business is, of course, sex.
 Hurry up and take your clothes off.Åh
ÅhBut thatÅfs so sudden.... *blush*.Åh
ÅhHurry up and strip!!Åh
ÅhY- yes.Åh
Åh*Stare*...........Åh
ÅhUmm....Åh
Åh*Stare*..............Åh
ÅhRance-sama, itÅfs umm.. hard to take my clothes off when
 youÅfre staring at me so much.Åh
ÅhI like watching girls strip.
 Hurry up and strip sexily.Åh
ÅhAh, yes.Åh
Sill took her clothes off embarrassedly in front of me.
ÅhRance-sama....Åh
ÅhAlright, come over here.Åh
ÅhYes....Åh
Well then, letÅfs have fun fucking tonight too.
I had Sill straddle me and we took the 69 position.
Rance ÅhNow be sure to lick my peXis nice and clean.Åh
Sill ÅhY.. yes.Åh
And SillÅfs defenseless *beep* is laid out in front of me.
Of course, Sill is shorter than me, so I have to stretch
a little to reach, but well, thatÅfs fine.
Sill ÅhNh..... oooh!!Åh
Rance ÅhHey, donÅft rest your tongue.Åh
Sill ÅhY... yes....Åh
Once again, Sill starts licking my equipment.
As my slave should, sheÅfs servicing the places I like serviced.
Rance Åh...*Lick*.Åh
Sill ÅhN...!!Åh
SillÅfs dripping wet just from sticking my dick in her mouth.
I already canÅft tell my saliva apart from her nectar.
Sill ÅhNh.. nnh...!Åh
I spread SillÅfs pussy open with my fingers.
Sill ÅhNh..!Åh
SillÅfs hips twitched, maybe because she knows what IÅfm doing.
Rance ÅhWhat a nice view...Åh
I poked her red, quivering pussy with my finger.
I rub it with the inside of the finger.
Sill ÅhNnh... nh...!Åh
Rance ÅhYeah, keep using your tongue.Åh
SillÅfs tongue moved more in response.
Rance ÅhStick it in your mouth.Åh
I could feel my dick being enveloped in warmth.
Rance ÅhMove your tongue inside your mouth. Make sure your teeth donÅft
       touch it.Åh
I felt her tongue wrap around my dick.
Maybe my dick was too big, but I could hear licking noises from
SillÅfs mouth.
Rance ÅhMove your head and use your lips.Åh
Sill ÅhNh.. ngh...Åh
Sill started using her lips as she was told.
Rance ÅhOh.. thatÅfs nice....Åh
Her tongue continued to wrap around my dick.
Rance ÅhGh... IÅfm gonna cum...
       Swallow it...!Åh
Sill ÅhNh.... nh!!Åh
The stuff that came out of my hyper weapon filled SillÅfs
mouth.
I knew Sill was trying her best to swallow it.
Rance ÅhAlright, good job. IÅfll praise you.Åh
Sill ÅhHah.. nh.. yes...Åh
ÅhMy earwax has built up.Åh
I spat that out while twisting my finger around in my
ear.
ÅhYes, Rance-sama.
 Then please lie down here.Åh
ÅhVery well.Åh
Rance ÅhDo a good job now.Åh
Sill ÅhYes, Rance-sama.
      Oh, please stay still, okay?Åh
(Dig dig)
An earpick is moving around in my ear.
Mmmmm, this feels good.
I feel so calm when someone does this to me. It feels really good.
Sill ÅhOh, I got a big one.Åh
Rance ÅhOw...
       That hurt, you!Åh
I complained and reached up and grabbed SillÅfs breast.
My palm feels the soft sensation of her breast.
Sill ÅhOh, IÅfm sorry.
      IÅfll be careful.Åh
Rance ÅhYou think you can get away with it with just an apology, you
       slave?
       Do you know how important my ears are!Åh
Rance ÅhWhat you need in a terrible dungeon where monsters could
       appear at any time is ears that can discern tiny sounds!Åh
Sill ÅhYes.Åh
Rance ÅhDo you even care if my ears go bad and I canÅft hear monsters
       approaching and I get attacked and die?Åh
Sill ÅhOh, of course.. So, IÅfm sorry, IÅfm sorry.
      IÅfm sorry, Rance-sama.Åh
Rance Åh.....Well, itÅfs fine if you understand.
       Then keep going.Åh
Sill ÅhYes, then IÅfll do the other ear, so please turn over.Åh
Afterward, I had her cut my nails, give me a massage, rub my
shoulders, and finally give me some fellatio, then I went to bed in a
good mood.
ÅhIsnÅft it obvious what IÅfd call you for this late at
 night?Åh
Åh*Blush*.Åh
I pulled SillÅfs hands and dragged her onto the bed.
ÅhLetÅfs go.Åh
I assaulted Sill.
Sill ÅhKyaaaa, Rance-sama!
      At least let me take my clothes..!Åh
Rance ÅhShut it.Åh
I touched SillÅfs breasts gently.
I was rewarded with a nice sensation of elasticity.
I moved my hand from her breast to her stomach and crept my other
hand to her waist.
Sill ÅgAh...!Åh
Sill tried to stop my hands with her own, but I stopped her with a
glare.
With no obstacle, my fingers relentlessly attacked SillÅfs complicated
crevasse.
Sill ÅhOw.. ah..!Åh
(Squelch)
After a few caresses, my fingers felt moisture.
Rance ÅhLetÅfs go.Åh
I held SillÅfs waist and sunk my wonderful destructive weapon into
SillÅfs fountain.
Sill ÅhAh......!Åh
Rance ÅhNow, to pleasure you!Åh
I started moving my hips violently.
.....................
.....................
ÅhPhew....
 That felt good.Åh
ÅhRance-sama...Åh
ÅhYup, you were pretty good.
 IÅfm satisfied.Åh
ÅhYes, thank you very much.Åh
ÅhGood night, Rance-sama.Åh
ÅhYeah....Åh
Sill left the room.
I was able to fall asleep pleasantly again tonight after
some moderate exercise.
... Åh.....H.....Åh
ÅhHm? What is it?Åh
... ÅhE...L...L....Åh
... ÅhOoooooooo!!!!!Åh
ÅhWah!! Who the hellÅfre you!?Åh
... ÅhYeeeeeeeeeeees!!
     I was sent by Kiseda-san from the Youth League!
     IÅfm Becky-chaaaaan!!Åh
ÅhSent by Kiseda?Åh
Becky ÅhYeeeeeeeeeeeees!
       I came to play with you, Uncle!Åh
ÅhTo play with me...?Åh
ÅhCould it be youÅfre the pretty virgin girl....?Åh
Becky ÅhThaaaaatÅfs riiiight!!
       IÅfm a pretty virgin giirl!!Åh
ÅhYouÅfre too young!!
 I donÅft need a little brat!!Åh
Becky ÅhBut I was scouted by Kiseda-san in town!
       HeÅfs gonna give me an allowance when IÅfm done
       playing with you!Åh
Becky ÅhSo if I donÅft play with you, Uncle, I canÅft get my
       allowance!Åh
ÅhWho the fuck is this Uncle you keep talking about!!?Åh
Becky ÅhYou in front of me, Uncle.Åh
ÅhIÅfm still too young to be an uncle!!
 Call me Rance-sama!!Åh
Becky ÅhThen....
       Rance-oniichan....Åh
Åh...Gr.....Åh
Becky ÅhRance-oniichan...
       Play... with... me!Åh
ÅhHrm... hrmmm.....Åh
  ÅÉÅ|Being taken in by the situation.
Becky ÅhCÅfmoooon, cÅfmooon, cÅfmooooon!
       LetÅfs play, letÅfs play, leeetÅfs plaaaay!Åh
ÅhDo you even know what youÅfre talking about, you brat?Åh
Becky ÅhYeah!
       ItÅfs my chance to lose my virginity first out of
       all my friends!
       So play with me!Åh
ÅhIf you really want it that bad, I guess I canÅft do
 anything.
 I guess IÅfll help you with your virginity problem.Åh
Becky ÅhYaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
       So what do we do?Åh
ÅhWhat, you donÅft know?Åh
Becky ÅhYeah.
       Teach me a lot, Rance-oniichan!Åh
ÅhOkay, okay,
 Onii-chan will teach you a bunch!Åh
   Ram
Becky ÅhNo...Åh
Becky ÅhNooooooooooooooooooo!!!
       It huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurts!!Åh
Rance ÅhJust put up with it for a bit.
       Of course it hurts in the beginning.Åh
Rance ÅhReally, I should be sticking my final weapon in that little
       mouth of yours after you lick it a little.Åh
Rance ÅhIf I donÅft, you wonÅft become an adult.Åh
Becky ÅhI donÅft wanna become an aduuuult!!
       It huuuuuurts!!Åh
Aargh, shut up! This is why I donÅft like kids!
What should I do now?
Rance ÅhAargh, shut up, you brat!!
       IÅfm gonna do this!!Åh
Becky ÅhHiah!!Åh
I grabbed BeckyÅfs undeveloped breasts and groped them with the palms
of my hands. Aargh, they donÅft feel that good to grab, but at least
her nipples are hard.
I put strength into my hands, now on her waist, and move my super
hyper hips.
Becky ÅhNoooooooooooooooooo!!
       It hurts, it hurts, it huuuuuuuuurts!!!!Åh
Rance ÅhShut up!!Åh
Becky ÅhNo.. ah, aah!!Åh
Becky ÅhOwwwwwww!!
       IÅfm gonna breeeeeak!!!!Åh
My hyper adult movements stir around inside Becky even more.
A wet something envelopes my dick.
Rance ÅhHmph, well, now youÅfre a woman.
       My *beep* is covered in your naughty stuff now.Åh
I whispered in BeckyÅfs ear while moving my hips in and out of her.
I stuck my tongue into her ear too.
Of course, my hands are also groping her quivering breasts.
IÅfm always perfect at what I do after all.
Rance ÅhOh.. IÅfm gonna cum, okay?Åh
Becky ÅhNo.. no.. not inside..
       IÅfll get pregnant!!Åh
Rance ÅhSo you know about that even though youÅfre a kid.
       Then IÅfll let it out outside... there!!Åh
Becky ÅhNnhh!!Åh
I stimulated BeckyÅfs clit and nipples when I pulled out of her.
Becky ÅhFuah.. ah.. ah.. ah....Åh
I let out my cum onto BeckyÅfs legs while she panted as if out of
energy.
Becky ÅhIt hurts, Rance-oniichan...!Åh
Rance ÅhAlright, then IÅfll be a little nicer.
       There, there.Åh
I caressed her tiny breasts with the palms of my hands.
Her nipples stand slowly and become hard in my hands.
Becky ÅhNnnh...!Åh
Becky bends her childÅfs body and stirs a little in my arms.
When she does, her tiny pussy tightens around my dick.
Becky ÅhNo.. what is this...
       I feel dizzy... I donÅft feel good... ooh.Åh
Rance ÅhYouÅfre fine. When you get used to it, itÅfll feel good and you
       wonÅft be able to get enough of it.
       Seeee, see?Åh
Becky ÅhNnnnnnh!!Åh
I move BeckyÅfs breasts slowly and move back and forth inside of her.
I stuck it right in without much foreplay, but BeckyÅfs gotten
completely wet now.
This is all thanks to my technique.
Even if sheÅfs small, a womanÅfs a woman.
Even if she doesnÅft know why, sheÅfll move her hips.
BeckyÅfs moving around on top of me, and I canÅft take it anymore.
Rance ÅhIÅfm letting it out....Åh
Becky ÅhNo.. ah... aaahn...!!Åh
Becky ÅhAh.. aaah.. ah...!Åh
Becky ÅhAhn!!Åh
I let it all out onto BeckyÅfs legs.
Becky Åh*Sniffle*....
       Even my butt hurts....Åh
ÅhWell, youÅfve become an adult before your friends.
 ThatÅfs worth enduring a little pain, right?Åh
Becky ÅhBecoming an adultÅfs hard, huh?Åh
ÅhYep.
 ItÅfs super hard.Åh
Becky ÅhOh, IÅfve gotta get back soon!
       Mama said she was making cabbage rolls for dinner
       tonight!Åh
ÅhIs that what a grown woman should be saying?Åh
Becky ÅhIÅfm gonna go get my allowance from Kiseda-san and
       go home!
       See you! Uncle Rance!!Åh
ÅhHey!! Brat.....Åh
ÅhHmph. Well, whatever.
 I got to take her virginity for free.
 IÅfll forgive a few thoughtless words.Åh
ÅhBut.. the next time she calls me Uncle, IÅfm gonna stick
 it in with no foreplay again.
 Fufufu.Åh
ÅhNow, who should I call to be my companion tonight?Åh
ÅhWhoÅfd be good?
 I do Sill like all the time, so...Åh
ÅhJuliaÅfs interesting, but sheÅfs not shy enough...Åh
ÅhKanamiÅfs.... well, letÅfs see...Åh
ÅhWell, whatever.. I can sleep alone sometimes.Åh
   (Snore snore snore)
   (Snore snore snore)
 At the same time   The diner.
ÅhWhat is it, Kanami-san?Åh
Sill was called to the empty diner late at night by
Kanami.
Åh.....Thanks for coming.
 I have something to ask you, Sill-chan.Åh
ÅhMe? What is it?Åh
ÅhSill-chan, do....Åh
ÅhYes?Åh
ÅhDo you love Rance?Åh
ÅhEh...?Åh
ÅhThe obedience spell that was on you when Rance bought
 you faded a long time ago, right?Åh
Åh.......Yes.Åh
ÅhThen why do you stay by such a cruel man?Åh
Åh...Because I love him...Åh
ÅhBut why? HeÅfs horrible!
 HeÅfs a brute with no compassion who assaults women as
 soon as he sees them!
 HeÅfs absolute trash!Åh
Åh...Umm, you donÅft have to be so harsh...Åh
ÅhIÅfm saying this for your own good.
 Hurry up and leave him.Åh
ÅhRance-sama does have his good points though.Åh
ÅhEven so.. leave him.Åh
ÅhNo.. Why are you saying that, Kanami-san?
 It doesnÅft have anything to do with you.Åh
ÅhItÅfs because I donÅft want to kill you, Sill-chan.Åh
ÅhEh..?Åh
ÅhÅfIf Sill Plain is working with Rance because she really
 loves him, kill her.Åf
 ThatÅfs my mission.Åh
Åh....No way.Åh
ÅhA ninja canÅft disobey her masterÅfs orders, even if
 theyÅfre unfair.Åh
Åh....So itÅfs Princess Lia?Åh
ÅhI donÅft understand why, but Princess Lia loves Rance and
 plans to give the kingdom of Leazas to him.Åh
Åh......Åh
ÅhPlease, just leave Rance.
 Sill-chan, you can meet a better guy than him, I know
 you can.Åh
Åh....I, I donÅft want to.Åh
ÅhI see....Åh
ÅhThen I guess I canÅft do anything about it.
 YouÅfre going to have to die.Åh
Kanami attacked Sill.
(Dash)
ÅhPlease stop, Kanami-san!Åh
(Dash)
ÅhPlease, Kanami-san.. kya!Åh
Sill was finally pushed down by Kanami.
Sill ÅhKa... Kanami-san!Åh
Kanami Åh........Åh
Kanami placed her short sword on SillÅfs neck.
If she puts a tiny bit of strength into her hand, SillÅfs
life will be over.
Kanami Åh.....Sill-chan..
        Please, leave Rance.Åh
Sill Åh...No..!Åh
Kanami ÅhIÅfm not joking!
        IÅfll really kill you!Åh
Sill Åh............Åh
Sill closed her eyes as if resigned to her fate.
Kanami Åh..You idiot!
        I canÅft do it.. I canÅft.. no!Åh
(Slam)
At that moment, the door was violently opened.
ÅhWhatÅfs going on, Sill?
 ItÅfs noisy out here.. Hm.. Kanami?Åh
Åh......Åh
ÅhWhatÅfs this about, Kanami?
 What are you doing?Åh
Kanami dropped her short sword and pulled away from Sill.
ÅhI was so close.. so this is it, huh?Åh
ÅhItÅfs just what it looks like. I was trying to kill
 Sill-chan.Åh
ÅhWhaaat!?Åh
ÅhKanami-san..Åh
ÅhIÅfm sorry, Sill-chan.
 But this is for the best.Åh
Saying that, Kanami put her shortsword to her own neck
and attempted to end her life.
ÅhYou dumbass!Åh
(Clang)
I hit KanamiÅfs shortsword out of her hand.
ÅhWhat are you doing!
 Let me die! Ninja have to die if they fail their
 missions!Åh
Saying that, Kanami broke down crying.
ÅhShut up and cÅfmere.Åh
I pulled Kanami into the SM Room.
ÅhWhy did you attack Sill?Åh
Åh........Åh
ÅhI see, so you canÅft say. Then.....
 IÅfll have to ask your body.Åh
Anyway, I didnÅft understand.
ThereÅfs no reason Kanami would be after SillÅfs life,
after all.
And if she really wanted to kill her, she could have done
it right when I walked into the room.
But she didnÅft.
The only reasons I can think of are..
Kanami being in love with Sill would be..
If I used the general term.. sheÅfd be a lesbian.
Hmm, no, IÅfm pretty sure thatÅfs wrong.
SheÅfs scared of blood, so she couldnÅft stick the short
sword into Sill.
IÅfve been adventuring with her for a while now and she
never has any problems killing monsters, so that canÅft be
it.
Well, sheÅfs a ninja, so itÅfs possible that someone
ordered her to assassinate Sill.
But even if thereÅfs a possibility of me being targeted by
the many ugly men in the world who envy me, no one would
benefit from Sill dying.
Hmmmmmmmm.
Anyway, IÅfm asking her body.
Mmheeheehee.
..............
(Ram ram ram )
ÅhAh... ow..!Åh
(Thrust thrust thrust)
.............
Rance ÅhPhew... still not talking?Åh
Kanami Åh.......Åh
I stuck my blazing destructive weapon straight into Kanami without
any foreplay.
Kanami, who had lost her breath, could only let me do as I pleased.
SheÅfs like a doll.
After my destructive weaponÅfs merciless attack, KanamiÅfs pussy was
completely worn out, inflamed and red.
My destructive weapon is tearing apart KanamiÅfs tiny pussy now.
ItÅfs not pleasuring Kanami, and she isnÅft wet.
WhatÅfs making it wet is the two rounds of semen IÅfve already pumped
into her.
Rance ÅhOoh...Åh
IÅfm already moving my hips to let out the third one.
Kanami Åh..Ah....!Åh
Rance ÅhPhew.. Kanami, you can start talking now.Åh
Kanami Åh....Åh
Rance ÅhWhy did you attack Sill?Åh
Kanami Åh........Åh
Hmm, sheÅfs still resisting.
I stuck my hand into KanamiÅfs ninja clothes and grabbed her breast.
Kanami ÅhAh!Åh
I glare at Kanami while violently groping her breast.
Rance ÅhHowÅfs that, feel good?Åh
Kanami ÅhHmph, why donÅft you just hurry up and kill me?Åh
Rance ÅhYouÅfre so not cute.Åh
Rance ÅhKanami-chan.
       IÅfm gonna be sad if you donÅft start being honest.Åh
I tried asking her nicely this time, but it didnÅft work.
KanamiÅfs hanging her head as if sheÅfs given up on everything.
I licked the nape of KanamiÅfs neck.
As I diligently licked her neck, Kanami shook her head as if to
escape.
Kanami ÅhKuh... ah!Åh
I groped her breasts more violently.
I can feel the pleasant sensation of her breast directly on my hand.
I took my hand out for a second and moved KanamiÅfs clothes.
Her two well-shaped hills emerged from her clothes.
Kanami ÅhKuh...!Åh
I grabbed KanamiÅfs breasts and groped them as if squeezing them.
Rance ÅhHmm, wonderful.
       Feels good.Åh
Kanami Åh......Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfm praising you like this and you donÅft even care?
       Fine, how about this?Åh
I lightly bit KanamiÅfs nipple.
(Chomp)
Kanami ÅhOw.....Åh
After biting it for a while, I removed my teeth and pushed the firm
protrusion into her breast with my tongue.
Kanami ÅhAh.. nn....Åh
I ran my hand over KanamiÅfs wide-open, wet pussy where IÅfd already
cum three times.
(Stir)
Just moving my finger around a little there produced wet noises.
Kanami ÅhOoh....Åh
(Stir stir stir)
I simply enjoyed the sensation my finger was feeling deep inside her.
Rance ÅhWell, why donÅft you come clean soon?
       WhyÅfd you attack Sill?Åh
Kanami Åh.........Åh
Kanami remained silent and turned her head to the side as if to avoid
my gaze.
Rance ÅhI see, youÅfre still resisting, eh?
       Then I guess IÅfve got no choice. I can go another round.Åh
I placed my destructive weapon, standing proudly even after three
rounds, to the mouth of KanamiÅfs dripping wet pussy.
And I moved my tip all around her opening.
Rance ÅhHow about it? Ready for round 4?Åh
Kanami Åh......Åh
Rance ÅhYouÅfre not looking too good anymore down here.Åh
I said as I played around with her opening.
Rance ÅhIf I stick it in again you might be ruined for further use.
       Is that okay??Åh
Kanami Åh.....Do what you want.Åh
She spoke apathetically.
Rance ÅhIf youÅfre really that prepared, IÅfll fuck you to death!Åh
(Ram)
I pushed my hips forward and pierced her in one movement.
Kanami ÅhUgh... Aaaah.. ah!Åh
Kanami raises a voiceless scream.
SheÅfs not as tight as she was before anymore, but KanamiÅfs pussy is
still too small for my huge dick, so thereÅfs still a tightness inside
her.
Rance ÅhHowÅfs that? IÅfm inside you again.
       My *beep* is piercing right into your *beep*.Åh
Kanami ÅhKuh.... ah... ah....!Åh
I shook my hips violently.
My destructive weapon continues to scrape at KanamiÅfs pussy,
eliciting more screams from her.
Kanami ÅhAh.. Aaaaaaaaah......
        aah... ah..... ugh!Åh
I continued my attack, gently moving my destructive weapon in and
out.
Rance ÅhGahahahahahahahahahaha!Åh
Kanami Åh....Ahn.. ow..!Åh
(Ram ram ram ram)
I attacked violently this time.
Rance ÅhNumber 4!Åh
(Spurt)
I let everything out into KanamiÅfs vagina.
Rance ÅhOoh.....Åh
I lost all my strength and slowly pulled my destructive weapon out of
Kanami.
Kanami ÅhOoh... *gasp*....Åh
Kanami jerks her head as if she might start crying.
Rance ÅhI can keep going if youÅfre still gonna resist.Åh
Rance ÅhWhy donÅft you start talking?Åh
Kanami Åh.............Åh
Rance ÅhWhyÅfd you try to kill Sill?
       I could spare you depending on your answer.
       I have a deep compassion for girls.Åh
Kanami Åh....Just kill me.
        I donÅft care.Åh
Rance ÅhGrr!Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfll seriously rape you to death if you keep this shit up any
       longer! IÅfll go another 100 or 200 times, I donÅft care if you
       end up a bloody mess!Åh
Kanami Åh.......Åh
Rance ÅhYouÅfre so fucking stubborn.Åh
Rance ÅhHurry up and spill it.
       YouÅfve dragged this out long enough, havenÅft you?Åh
Kanami Åh.........Åh
Rance Åh....Seriously.Åh
Rance ÅhWhat the hell goes through a ninjaÅfs head?
       YouÅfre like an emotionless machine.Åh
Kanami Åh.................Åh
Rance ÅhI canÅft even think of you as a woman anymore.Åh
Kanami Åh....No...Åh
Kanami Åh..No, no...
        IÅfm a girl!Åh
Kanami finally broke down crying.
Rance ÅhKanami.Åh
Kanami Åh*Hic*, *hic*, waaah!Åh
Rance ÅhWhy did you attack Sill?
       It couldnÅft have been your idea.Åh
Rance ÅhSomebody ordered you to.
       Was it Lia?Åh
Kanami ÅhOoh....Åh
Kanami nodded, still crying.
Rance ÅhI see, that stupid princess, huh....?
       What the hell is she thinking?Åh
Kanami Åh*Hic*, *hic*...
        Princess Lia loves you.Åh
Kanami ÅhSo sheÅfs jealous of Sill-chan, whoÅfs always near you....Åh
Rance ÅhSo she ordered you to kill her?Åh
Kanami ÅhY.. yeah.Åh
Rance ÅhI canÅft believe this.
       That stupid princess would give a stupid order like that for
       that stupid reason?Åh
Rance ÅhAnd Sill is my slave.
       And I love all cute girls, I canÅft only love one.Åh
Rance Åh*Sigh*.. It all comes down to my popularity in the end.
       I still canÅft believe this though.Åh
Rance ÅhAnd you, Kanami.
       Even if itÅfs an order from Princess Lia, donÅft follow it if
       itÅfs such a stupid one!Åh
Kanami ÅhBut a ninja has to swear complete loyalty to her....Åh
Rance ÅhThere are things you can and things you canÅft do!
       And anyway, LiaÅfs such a stupid, selfish princess because of
       MarisÅf fucking babying!Åh
Rance ÅhIf LiaÅfs so important to you, then at least have the courage
       to tell her when sheÅfs doing something stupid!Åh
Kanami Åh...Yeah.Åh
Rance ÅhAnyway, the next time I see her, IÅfm gonna complain to her
       directly, so donÅft go killing yourself over a failed mission
       or anything. Got it?Åh
Kanami Åh...Yes.Åh
I patted Kanami on the head.
Rance ÅhAnd apologize to Sill later.
       YouÅfre still gonna be fighting on the same team as her after
       this.Åh
Kanami ÅhY.. yeah.Åh
Rance ÅhWell then, thatÅfs over with.Åh
       Saying so, I touched KanamiÅfs chest gently.
Kanami ÅhHey wait, not again??Åh
Rance ÅhSince I was cruel to you, this time IÅfll be nice.
       It wonÅft hurt.Åh
Kanami ÅhGeez, just when I was thinking you were a little cool, you go
        right back to this.Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahahahaha!Åh
Alicia ÅhRance-san!!!!!!!Åh
ÅhWah! What, what!?Åh
Alicia ÅhHaah, haah. Rance, san, *huff*, *huff*, umm..
        haah, haah, haah!Åh
ÅhWhat the, Alicia?!
 What the hell are you coming into my room without my
 permission for!!?Åh
Alicia ÅhBut, but, haah, haah!
        Oh no! I was in such a rush I brought the broom
        with me...Åh
Åh...Hey now.Åh
Alicia ÅhAhahahahaha,
        well, itÅfs fine, isnÅft it?
        Ahh, IÅfm tired.Åh
Rance ÅhYou!!
       YouÅfre sitting on my bed without my permission again!
       IÅfm gonna fine you for this!Åh
Alicia Åh*Giggle* *giggle*, youÅfre a funny person, Rance-san.Åh
Rance ÅhShut up.
       This is MY room. It belongs to me and itÅfs sacred!Åh
Alicia ÅhHeheheh.Åh
(Hm? Wait a second. Could this be going in a nice direction?
 Coming all by herself, this late at night...)
(.....So sheÅfs fallen for me.
 Uhihihi, thisÅfll be fun.)
Alicia ÅhRance-san.Åh
Rance ÅhWhat is it.Åh Å©(Feigning ignorance.)
Alicia ÅhYouÅfre really amazing in bed, right?Åh
Rance ÅhWell that was sudden...
       Of course! ThereÅfs no one in the world better than me.
       IÅfm peerless.Åh
Alicia ÅhHmm, so itÅfs true.Åh
Rance ÅhNo doubt about it. With my technique, sending you to heaven
       would be as easy as taking candy from a baby.Åh
Alicia Åh...I heard from Mai-chan.
        She said you were so good, she canÅft even remember how many
        times she came that night...Åh
Alicia ÅhShe said it had only ever hurt when she did it with her
        boyfriend before, but that when she did it with Rance, she
        really came for the first time...Åh
Rance ÅhHmph. Of course.
       IÅfm kind to women after all.
       Even moreso in bed.Åh
Alicia ÅhHey, could we, do it too?
        I mean, this is the first time IÅfve ever met a man from the
        surface.. and...Åh
Rance ÅhAnd? ...What?Åh
Alicia ÅhAnd.. Rance-sanÅfs so cool.. kyaha.. I said it.Åh
Rance ÅhFufufufufufufufufufufufufu.. youÅfre so cute.
       LetÅfs have some fun!Åh
Rance ÅhWeÅfre having a huge sale today on all our merchandise!Åh
Alicia ÅhHeh, IÅfm so happy!Åh
I leaped onto Alicia.
Her still childlike body, with its smooth skin, gets my lust going at
high speed.
IÅfm more passionate than usual, occasionally striking like a snake,
occasionally pecking like a chick.
Alicia ÅhAh.... aah..!
        Rance-san, youÅfre amazing.. haah..!Åh
Rance ÅhFufufu, youÅfre so cute, Alicia.
       LetÅfs get serious soon.Åh
Alicia ÅhNnh... I canÅft go on...
        IÅfll die... ooh, ooh..
        Haaah..!Åh
Rance ÅhWeÅfre only just getting started!
       Wahahahahahaha!Åh
Alicia ÅhNo, no.. I canÅft...
        Aaaaah!!!!Åh
I pierced deep into the center of Alicia, where she was overflowing
with a glistening jewel-like wetness.
The feeling of AliciaÅfs wet, tight pussy, overflowing with love
juice, moved me greatly.
Alicia ÅhAaaaah, aah, ah.. *gasp*..
        Nnh..........!
        Rance-san.. Rance-san.. Aaaaah!!Åh
Rance ÅhGood, Alicia!! YouÅfre such a good girl.Åh
Alicia ÅhAhn, ah, aaaaaaaah!!Åh
....................
Alicia Åh.......Åh
ÅhWhat, youÅfre not staying, Alicia?Åh
Alicia ÅhYeah, I am a member of the clergy, after all.
        IÅfve gotta at least protect the church while
        CynthiaÅfs not around.Åh
ÅhAh. I see.Åh
Alicia ÅhThen, Rance-san, thank you for the wonderful
        night.
        Come visit the church again some time. See you.Åh
ÅhSure.Åh
Alicia left the room.
Well that was pretty fun. Fufufufu.
Well, I guess IÅfll go to bed.
ÅhYay, yayÅ`n!
 Master!
 WhatÅfre we gonna play tonight?Åh
ÅhFufufu,
 thereÅfs only one thing a man and a woman can do alone in
 an inn room together.Åh
ÅhYou better gimme good service.Åh
ÅhYeaaaaaaan!Åh
ÅhLetÅfs go!!
 Uryaaaah!!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhKyaiin!
            IÅfm so embarrassed, embarrassed!Åh
Rance ÅhHuh?
       SomethingÅfs, weird here?Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhBe gentle, Åfkay?Åh
Rance ÅhAh!!
       Sh, sh, sh, sh..!Åh
Athena 2.0 Åh?
            Ch, ch, ch?Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhAh, I get it, weÅfre making birdie noises!!Åh
Rance ÅhSheÅfs got no nipples!!!!!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhCh, ch, chun, chun.. chichichi.
            Huh, Athena 2.0Åfs not very good at this.Åh
Rance ÅhShit!!
       Nowadays even sex dolls have their nipples advertised like
       ÅÉsoft, lifelike texture!!ÅÑ, and yet that old haaag..!Åh
Rance ÅhShit, IÅfm goinÅf to bed!! IÅfll go complain tomorrow!!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhMiÅ`n, min-min-min! MiÅ`n, min-min-min!
            Listen, Master!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhYou canÅft beat Athena 2.0 at cicada noises, nope, nope!Åh
Rance ÅhShut up, go away. IÅfm sleeping.
       ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ....Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhDoes Master not like cicadas?Åh
ÅhOhhhhhhh....
 T.. tonight weÅfre finally gonna do it!Åh
ÅhAthena 2.0 wanted to do it yesterday too.Åh
ÅhShut up.
 Even if youÅfre a doll, I canÅft fuck a woman whoÅfs got
 no nipples!!
 ...ItÅfd better be fine now.Åh
ÅhLetÅfs go, hrm!!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhNoooo, donÅft stop, but noooo!Åh
Rance ÅhOkay, okay, nice tits!
       LetÅfs taste Åfem, *lick*!Åh
Athena 2.0 Åh*Gasp*.. That feels weird.
            Athena 2.0 feels dirty.
            Athena 2.0 feels weird.Åh
Rance ÅhI guess she doesnÅft feel things exactly the same way humans
       do.
       This might be kinda weird.Åh
Rance ÅhWell, whatever, letÅfs get serious then,
       uhihihihihihihihihihi!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhYay, yay!Åh
SheÅfs pretty cute I guess.
I wanna see whatÅfs down there now too.
I wonder what it looks like, probably a virginÅfs, right?
Oooooooh, I canÅft take it anymore!
Rance ÅhAthena, take your underwear off!
       Be quick about it! YouÅfve got three seconds, IÅfm gonna count!Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfll punish you if youÅfre slow.
       3... 2...Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhMkay, mkay, mkay!Åh
Rance ÅhWahahaha, letÅfs see!
       There!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhHyaahahaha.. that tickles!Åh
Rance Åh........
       IÅfll just pretend I didnÅft see that. IÅfm goinÅf to bed.Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhWhatÅfs wrong?Åh
Rance Åh...ItÅfs fine, itÅfs not your fault.
       ItÅfs all that stupid old lying hagÅfs fault.Åh
Rance ÅhFucking heeell, she doesnÅft have the fundamental *beep*..
       *Grind* *grind*.Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhYouÅfre bleeding, youÅfre bleeding.
            Wipe your mouth, wipe your mouth.Åh
Rance ÅhWhat the fuck am I supposed to do with this...?Åh
Athena 2.0 Åh...Poor Master...
            Athena will do it with her mouth.Åh
Rance Åh...Damn it...
       A doll is pitying me..
       IÅfm so pathetic.Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhItÅfww be ohay (ItÅfll be okay).Åh
ÅhYaaay! Athena 2.0 heeeeere!
 YouÅfre too much, youÅfre too much,
 play with meee!Åh
Åh...WhoÅfre you supposed to be?Åh
ÅhI lost when we did bug noises last time, so this time I
 tried to do Katsura Koeda instead!Åh
ÅhWe never did anything like that!
 More importantly, letÅfs do it already!
 IÅfm finally gonna get you back for those other times!Åh
ÅhOh, you beast!
 YouÅfre so si-n-ful!Åh
ÅhLetÅfs go!
 HRM!!!!!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhNkyan!Åh
Rance ÅhHah!!! THERE!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhAahn, I love how wild you are!Åh
Rance ÅhWahahahahahahaha!
       IÅfm taking a shortcut now since weÅfve taken the long way to
       get here! Wahahahahahaha!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhHau.. aahn.. this is too sudden..Åh
Rance ÅhItÅfs fine, youÅfre mine now after all!Åh
Rance ÅhI did two whole jobs to get a hold of you, after all! I didnÅft
       give up!Åh
Rance ÅhWahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhAhn... how manly.. yeah, yeah.. uhnn!Åh
Alright, sheÅfs good and wet.
This is pretty good for that old hagÅfs work. Very nice, very nice!
Rance ÅhAlright, Athena.
       YouÅfre gonna make me feel good now.Åh
Rance ÅhIf youÅfre not good, IÅfm gonna drag you around town and feed
       you to the Hannys.Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhYeeeeees! Then Athena 2.0 will do her bestest!Åh
Ohhhhh, this is pretty nice.
IÅfve gotta train Sill to be a little more like this, huh?
Athena 2.0 ÅhNmm... *smooch* *smooch*.Åh
Rance ÅhAlright, Athena 2.0, alright, good girl.Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhAaaaahn, woof, woof!Åh
Rance ÅhOkay, okay, good girl.
       IÅfll give you your favorite treat now!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhHah, hah, hah, heh, heh..Åh
Rance ÅhThis is kinda weird.
       Well, whatever, spread your legs!!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhYaaaaaaaaay!Åh
Rance ÅhOkay, letÅfs goooo! Hmph!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhKyan, kyan, kyan!Åh
Rance ÅhWhat is it? Does it hurt even though youÅfre a doll?Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhNo, I was making little doggy noises.
            Before I was making big doggy noises... mgh.Åh
Rance ÅhThatÅfs enough!
       Stop talking!!!
       Aaargh, IÅfm gonna fuck the stupid outta you!Åh
I moved my hips like crazy and pierced and pierced and pierced and
pierced the hell out of Athena.
But, hmm. ItÅfs a little different than a regular girlÅfs vagina.
I canÅft really say whatÅfs different about it though...
On the other hand, Athena seems to be enjoying herself quite a bit.
Athena 2.0 ÅhHuff! ..huff! ..huff! ..Ah.. nnnh!
            Aaaah, oh.. youÅfre so wonderful..
            Mas.. ter!!Åh
Rance ÅhI see.. ItÅfll only get better!
       If you do it with me, nh.. you wonÅft be able to do it with
       other guys anymore!Åh
Rance ÅhOf course, itÅfs not like IÅfd give you to another guy in the
       first place!!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhHaaaau.. Athena feels good..
            So good she could die.. ah!Åh
Rance ÅhWeÅfre almost done!! Haaaaaaah, sure kill, Rance Attack, Heaven
       Version!!
       Hmphhhhhh!!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhAh, aaah, AthenaÅfs, AthenaÅfs, coming somewhere!Åh
Ohhh, this is getting good.
Rance ÅhChange mode! Nutritional facial lotion!
       Wahahahahahahahaha!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhAh... nn.. n.. pre.. tt.. y....Åh
Rance ÅhHaah, haah, haah, haah, haah, haah....
       HowÅfs that! Hahaha....Åh
Rance ÅhArenÅft I the best?
       Uhahaha.... haaah....Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhYeaaah... mmm, mmm..
            AthenaÅfs kinda.. sleepyyy...Åh
Rance ÅhVery well, I have endless stamina, but IÅfll let you off the
       hook with this tonight.
       But I wonÅft next time, haah, haah...Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhHenya henya, guruguru kyuuuu....Åh
ÅhYay, yaaayn, itÅfs Athena 2.0!
 Are we gonna do it again today, Master!?Åh
ÅhOf course.
 ThatÅfs why I called you here.Åh
ÅhAthenaÅfs super happy!
 Master is so nice to Athena!Åh
ÅhIÅfm horny...
 letÅfs do it, letÅfs do it, letÅfs do it right now.Åh
ÅhYaaaaaay!!Åh
Rance ÅhBut... youÅfre not very interesting.Åh
Rance ÅhYour wetness and tightness and everything is exactly the same
       every time like itÅfs carefully measured.Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhAthena canÅft help it.
            ThereÅfs nothing Athena can do about it, it.Åh
Rance ÅhWell, I suppose so.
       YouÅfre not human after all. Guess IÅfll sympathize.Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhAahn!Åh
At least your boobs are nice.
.....The areola kinda bugs me though.
............................
............................
Athena 2.0 ÅhAh, aaahn.. AthenaÅfs so hot...!Åh
Rance ÅhWahahahaha!
       One more time!! WeÅfre gonna do it a bunch!Åh
Athena 2.0 ÅhYes yes. Please do it a bunch, bunch, bunch, more, more.Åh
Rance ÅhWahahahahaha,
       youÅfre a good girl. Wahahahahahaha...Åh
Snore snore snore
   Snore snore snore
Snore snore snore
  Snore snore snore
................
................
................
Åh*Yaaaawn*... I slept well.Åh
ÅhWell, I guess IÅfll get up.Åh
ÅhGood morning, Rance-sama.Åh
ÅhYep.Åh
Freon ÅhÅfMorning. Did you sleep well?Åh
Return to last nightÅfs position?
