hGood evening, Rance-kun.h
hYeah, now letfs start that drinking contest.h
hEh? But Rance-kun, you passed out the last time we tried
 that.h
hI wasnft at the top of my game then.
 Itfll be fine today.h
hRance-kun, you donft seem like youfre a very strong
 drinker, so you probably shouldnft overdo it.h
hFufufu, itfs true that I think alcohol is nasty and
 donft really like it.
 But the last time I passed out I built up my resistance,
 so this time I can drink as much as I want!h
hI donft really think it works that way.h
hAnyway, Ifm gonna get åQf-san super drunk and then
 fuck her.
 Now, prepare the booze.h
hYoufre supposed to have fun when you drink, you know.
 Youfre so much trouble, Rance-kun.h
Yeah, letfs call åQf-san tonight.
Shefs a sexy older lady.
During the Leazas Liberation War earlier, she came to my
room to comfort me after my efforts.
Shefs a good woman who understands the things heroes go
through.
This time, I saved her from the Puryo, so shefll
definitely repay me with her body.
This is so great!
So with justifiable evil in mind, I called åQf-san.
I thought shefd show up in a see-through negligee to
tempt my innocent masculine heart, but, betraying my
expectations, she appeared in her usual battle gear.
hGood evening, Rance-kun.
 By the way, what is it so late in the evening?h
....This isnft really what I expected.
It doesnft seem like shefs gonna let me fuck her easily.
hThatfs right, I hadnft thanked you yet.
 Thank you for saving me when I was captured by those
 Puryo.h
hItfs strange, isnft it? We came to save Rance-kun and
 Sill-chan and ended up being saved by you instead.
 I feel kinda uncool.h
hWell, I AM an ally of justice.
 Itfs natural for me to save women.h
hSave women??h
hMore specifically, just beautiful women.
 I donft show compassion to men and uglies.h
hYou always take things to the extreme, donft you,
 Rance-kun?
 So since you saved me, Rance-kun, does that mean that
 you think Ifm beautiful?h
hWell, I sfpose... yeah.h
hThanks, Rance-kun.h
hYep, yep, then let me do ya.
 If youfre thankful then ya gotta show it with your
 body.h
h....Ifd prefer... not to.h
hEh?h
hBut why?
 Wefve already had sex before, havenft we?h
hAnd that time, it was åQf-san who came into my
 room...h
hThatfs unfair.
 How could you be okay with it before but not today?h
hThat was, because I didnft have anyone I particularly
 liked then and I wanted to thank Rance-kun for fighting
 for Leazas.. but.h
hI saved you, you know. Are you not thankful for that?
 Oh, what a cruel woman you are.h
hThatfs not true, I am thankful to you, Rance-kun.h
hThen... why?
 If youfre thankful to me, you could just let me screw
 you.h
hCould it be that you have a lover now??h
hA lover.. no, not yet.. I donft.h
hOh, itfs one-sided then?
 Thatfs unforgivable.h
hYou canft fall for someone whofs not me.
 You should love only me, åQf-san.h
h...Then, would you marry me?h
h.......h
hThis and that are different.
 A treasure to the women of the world like me canft just
 bind himself to only one woman.h
hYoufre so selfish, Rance-kun.
 Anyway, I donft plan on having sex with you.h
hGrr!h
hThen Ifll assault you by force.. owah!h
I tried to jump onto her, but åQf swiftly drew her
sword and put up her guard.
hDonft underestimate the captain of the Leazas Royal
 Guard.
 Ifm always prepared to take an opponent on even at the
 cost of my own life.h
h...I got it.
 Shit.h
I guess at this point Ifve just gotta give up on banging
åQf-san.
hHmph, whatever.
 Even though Ifve fought for the world and for Leazas..
 Ahh, I wonder if some girl will cheer me up.h
hGeez, I get it already.
 Why donft we drink then?h
hDrink?h
hYup, alcohol.
 You can drink, right, Rance-kun?h
hOf course I can.
 Ifm the emperor of alcohol!
 Gufufufu, Ifll get you drunk and take advantage of you!h
hOh my, feel free to try.
 Ifm strong, you know.h
hAlright, leave it to me!
 Guha, guha!h
Ifll get her drunk... and then when shefs all wobbly,
Ifll pounce!
..............
Rance h*Hic*....h
åQf hOh, Rance-kun?
       Are you already drunk?h
Rance hOoh.. no way, therefs no way I could be drunk with just this
       much wimpy booze!h
åQf hOf course not.h
Saying that, åQf-san once again filled my cup up to the brim.
This is bad, Ifm starting to get woozy.
But åQf-sanfs, strong.. shefs a heavy drinker.
åQf hWhatfs wrong, Rance-kun?
       Youfre beet red.h
Rance hI.. I-Ifm fine!
       I can keep drinking!h
(Gulp)
I swallowed more booze.
Ooh... Ifm dizzy.
When I think about it, therefs no way Ifd like something like alcohol
that does harm to your body like this. How are there people who drink
this stuff all happily?
Dizzy, dizzy.... This isnft good. My brainfs all shiny and my eyes
are all wobbly. And in front of me, åQf-san is drinking her booze
like itfs super tasty.
åQf-sanfs... wierd. Where does she put it all..?
Rance hDizzizzy.....
       Ooh...h
åQf hOh, Rance-kun!
       Are you alright!?h
My consciousness drifted away.
Rance h*Hic*... dizzy, dizzy, dizzy.h
åQf hRance-kun, how fbout you call it quits?
       You shouldnft push yourself.h
Wh.. why? Ifm so dizzy and åQf-sanfs totally fine... I canft
believe this.
Does åQf-sanfs body have some kind of special ability attached that
nullifies the effects of alcohol..? aaagh, dizzy, dizzy....
At this rate, my plan to get her drunk and force myself on her isnft
gonna work.
åQf-san drained her cup of alcohol again.
....Thatfs right, I donft necessarily need to get her to pass out
drunk.. that.. would also work fine.
Thatfs right, that (Sleeping Drug).......
I took the sleeping drug out of my pocket, making sure åQf-san
didnft notice.
Rance h*Hic*... Ifm fine.
       No way I could get drunk off of crap like this!h
(Gulp)
I take another drink so that åQf-san doesnft sense anything.
To be honest, Ifm in trouble.
åQf h.....You should probably....h
Rance h*Hic*.. ah!!
       That Barres geezerfs lookinf in the window at us!!h
I suddenly pointed at the window and raised my voice.
åQf hEh, General Barres??h
Leila-san turned around, so I swiftly poured the (Sleeping Drug) into
her cup. (Alright, it worked.)
Leila hOh come on, Rance-kun.
       Therefs no way General Barres could be here.h
Rance hGahahahaha, huh, did I see it wrong fcause Ifm drunk??
       Aha.. aha.. gahahahahaha!h
Leila hGeez, Rance-kun....h
(Clink)
With the quiet sound of ice, Leila-san drank the alcohol containing
the sleeping drug.
Rance h...........h
Leila h..........Huh?h
(Craaash)
The cup slipped out of Leila-sanfs hand and shattered with a loud
noise.
Leila hHuh.... ah.... zzz.. zzzz.h
What an immediate effect.
Leila-san is already asleep on the desk.
Rance h*Hic*... Leila-san.h
(Shake shake)
First of all, Ifll try shaking Leila-san.
Leila h..Zzz... zzzz...h
Rance hLooks like shefs asleep.... *hic*. Well, looks like itfs my
       victory, since Leila-sanfs passed out drunk.
       In other words, time for assa..*hic*..ult.h
Rance hOkay, letfs do it.h
I picked Leila-san up and carried her to the bed.
Leila-san lies before me on the bed, defenseless.
I donft know if itfs because of the booze, but her skinfs a little
flushed and sexy.
Rance hFufufufufufufu, oops.h
Dizzy, dizzy.. My prey is right in front of me, but the booze is
making me dizzy.. Letfs get this over with.
I started removing Leila-sanfs armor with my shaky hands.
Rance hAaaaack, I canft get it off, what the hell!
       This useless armor!!h
I donft know how the armor on her chest is put together, but I canft
get it off at all.
I canft touch her boobs over this stupid armor!
Argh, fine, Ifll pass on her top half.
Ifll settle with having fun with the bottom half today.
I went at the armor on Leila-sanfs lower half with all I had and
finally managed to strip it off her.
Rance hOh, black panties! Hmm, how mature.
       Black underwear looks great on older ladies.h
I put my hand on her panties and slipped them down.
I opened Leila-sanfs legs wide and her defenseless pussy was exposed
to my eyes.
Shefs not a virgin, but itfs still nice-looking.
I pushed her legs open even wider in order to see more.
Leila hUgh.... uhn... uh....h
I run my fingers over her pubic hair, enjoying the silky feeling.
Rance hGuh.. *gulp*.h
The view made me swallow unconsciously.
Using both of my hands, I push her flower petals open lewdly,
exposing her pink, slippery, meaty folds.
Rance h...Ifll put a finger in, Ifm gonna do it.h
I snuck the finger holding open her petals inside her glistening
hole.
Leila h..Ah..!h
My finger moves around in Leila as if to stir her up.
Itfs very warm and pleasant inside.
But no matter how much I messed around in there, dirty nectar just
wouldnft seem to flow.
I guess she wouldnft get wet, huh? Oh well, I guess Ifll put some
spit on it and do it that way.
I hovered over Leila-san and placed my hyper weapon up to her slit.
Rance hPositioning, check.h
Rance hAngle, check.h
Rance hItfs not really wet enough, but.. here I gooo!h
My hyper weapon parted Leila-sanfs walls and invaded her surprisingly
smoothly.
Leila hKuh.. ah...!h
I guess she is feeling something, even through the sleeping drug.
(Ram ram ram)
But as I continue my piston movement, it looks like some liquid is
beginning to flow. Itfs just a little, but shefs getting wetter.
Rance hOoh.. this is nice. Leila-sanfs great after all.
       Shefs got first-class sword skills and a first-class pussy!h
I raised her thighs up and began even more intense piston movement.
Leila hAh.. ah... yes....h
Leila-san lets out her sweet voice.
I bet shefs having a dirty dream being penetrated by me.
Right, like a dream about being embraced by me, the legendary
beautiful hero...
Or maybe a dream about getting gang-raped by a bunch of thugs...
Or.. like a monster...
Leila hAh.. yes... Rick..!h
Rance hHeh...?h
At that one word from Leila-san, my thrusting hips instantly cease
their movement.
Leila hOh.. ahn.. Rick.. ahn..!h
While shefs being fucked by me, Leila-sanfs..
Leila-sanfs.. dreaming about that Rick loser.. so she likes HIM..?
I pull my dick, which has shrunk from shock, out of Leila-san.
Leila hAhn.....!h
Even after I pulled out of Leila-san, her pussy seemed to twitch as
if seeking out a man.
Rance hTch... this is no fun.h
I put Leila-sanfs clothes back on her and let her sleep
like that in the bed.
.......
Of course, a strong, beautiful man like me has the right
to sleep with other menfs women, but..
If itfs Rick, whofs in the same party as me now..
Well, thatfs only if itfs mutual...
Thatfs right, right? Thatfs gotta be right.
Itfs one-sided.
Man, Leila-sanfs got shit taste in men if shefs falling
for anyone other than me.
We just need to adventure together a little more and
sooner or later shefll notice my awesomeness and fall
madly in love with me and wonft even look at Rick or
anyone else anymore and shefll open up her ripened fruit
for me and beg to me, hcome, do ith...
Ifm sure thatfs whatfll happen.
Fufufufufu, thatfs right, thatfs gotta be right.
Thatfs definitely right, so I donft have to worry about
it.
Shefll eventually be mine.
So letfs sleep for today.
hNow then.... Ifm gonna get to have all the fun I didnft
 get to have in the shack earlier.h
h...........Wait...h
hAaargh, you donft know when to give up, do you!? Even
 if you say you donft want to, at this point Ifm just
 gonna make you!h
hThatfs not it...
 I just want you to listen to something..h
hIf itfs your life story, Ifve heard enough already.h
hThatfs not it.... I just... want you to forget what you
 heard in the shed.h
hWhat do you mean?h
hLike how.. I would be fine dying if I could die feeling
 like a normal girl...h
hWhatfs wrong with that?h
hItfs my fate... to live my life as a ninja..
 I canft die thinking stupid thoughts like that...h
Aaargh, what an irritating woman.
What the fuckfs she tryinf to say?
hI wonft buy clothes and play around with them anymore...
 No,
 Ifll never buy clothes like that again..
 so forget about it..h
hI donft really care about any of that.h
hThis is... what Ifve decided as a ninja.h
hI got it. Ifll forget about it, so let me fuck you.h
h.......Fine.. but just this once.h
Ignoring Kanamifs earnest words, I excitedly stripped her
of her clothes.
Kanamifs clothes fell away one by one to my experienced
stripping technique, exposing her bra and panties.
Compared to what she was wearing in the shack, her
underwear was practical and completely unsexy.
Rance hTch... your underwearfs not sexy at all... boring.h
Kanami h.............h
Rance hWell, whatever. Itfs not like it matters what you were wearing
       once itfs off.h
With that, I stripped off all of Kanamifs underwear.
Kanami hOh......h
I open up Kanamifs legs with both hands and begin carefully
appreciating the work of art between them.
Kanami hNo..... donft look....h
With her embarrassing bits exposed to my eyes, Kanamifs cheeks flush
red and she closes her eyes tight.
Rance hNo way. Ifm gonna look even more.h
Opening her legs further, I get my face closer and closer and look
hard enough to open up another hole in her.
Moving my gaze to her pubic mound, I catch glimpse of her thin hairs
shining lewdly in the light.
Rance hHrm... What a fascinating sight.h
Kanami h................h
Kanami clenches her fists, silently enduring her embarrassment.
Shit, shefs all quiet. Itfs the worst when they donft react at all.
If itfs come to this, Ifll just have to make her cry out in delight
with my great hyper technique!
Fondling Kanamifs left breast with one of my hands, I ran my tongue
across her right breast.
Kanami hNh.....h
A small moan escapes from Kanamifs lips, quiet, as though she was
trying to stifle it.
Okay, this is going well.
Taking the pointed part of the breast into my mouth, I bite Kanamifs
nipple lightly.
Kanami hKuuu... aahn!h
I lick the mark where I bit her as if tracing it with my tongue, and
it gets harder and harder until itfs fully erect.
Kanami hNh.... haaah....h
Kanamifs breathing starts getting wilder.
Rance hThatfs a nice voice, Kanami.h
I shift my tongue from Kanamifs breasts to her abdomen as she
breathes wildly and moves restlessly up and down....
Kanami hAh..... aahn...h
As I move my tongue even lower, I arrive at her most sensitive place.
Kanami hNo.... stop....h
My tongue crawls inside her flower petals, parting them, and Kanami
reacts to the stimulus by jumping and trying to close her legs.
However, I force her legs to stay open as she tries to close them and
continue licking.
Kanami hAaaah.... ah...h
Rance hAnd now.... how about this?h
A lewd smile on my face, I roll my tongue around a certain little
bean inside her slit.
Kanami hAh.. kuuuhnn..h
Satisfied at the picture Ifm painting of Kanami writhing in lust
because of my technique, I continue licking, sucking, and putting
pressure on it.
The little bean wrapped lightly in skin becomes harder and bigger.
Simultaneously, nectar begins to flow freely from her flower petals.
Rance hLooks like preparations to jam this in are complete.h
So saying, I pushed my raging final destructive weapon into the
opening of her flower petals.
Kanami hNh........h
Kanami clenches her fists tightly and tries to bear the pain of my
huge thingfs penetration.
In response to Kanamifs attitude, I quickly cease my insertion and
use my tip to trace her slit as if purposely missing my target.
I rub Kanamifs flower petals with my tip and get her wet nectar all
over it.
Because of that, my huge black lustrous thing shines even more
bewitchingly.
Rance hHm, what a divine luster, if I do say so myself.h
Satisfied with the gleam of my dick, I tease Kanami some more.
I hit Kanamifs little bean with my tip and push lightly into her
secret cave, pulling out again right away...
Kanami hHaaah... no.... donft... tease me..
        Please.... donft.... bully.. me..h
Confirming that my teasing technique has made Kanamifs castle of
reason fall, I chuckle inside my heart.
Rance hAlriiight, if you say so, Ifll pierce right in!
       Here I go!!!h
Lifting her legs, I pierce Kanami in one go.
Kanami h*Gasp*... nnh... ah... aaaah!h
Her secret cave, sufficiently wet, swallowed my dick with barely any
resistance.
Rance hOhhhhh, this is great, this is greaat!h
Kanami hNnah... haaaah.. ah, ah.. aaah!h
I ram my hips powerfully as if to completely devour Kanami.
Kanami hHaah... ah, ah... aaah!h
The folds inside Kanamifs secret cave receive enough first-rate
pleasure to make her writh in agony and they tighten lewdly around
me.
Kanami hNnh... au.... oh.... ooh..!h
Rance hOh.... this isnft good.h
            Spurt!
I end up releasing just like that.
Shit.... What have I done? What a mistake.
Aaargh, but therefs still time until morning. Second round!!
I pushed my dick into Kanami again as she breathed heavily, her
shoulders moving up and down.
Kanami hNo.... please, stop...h
Rance hNo way! Wefre doing this until Ifm satisfiiiiied!!!h
Kanami hNo way.. no, noooo-nh!h
Ramram    ramram
        ramram        ramram
One........ two........ three.......
four..... five..... six....... seven...
A bunch..... a lot..... even more....
.....Impossible to calculate........
*Beeeeep*, finished (Red light)
        Yup, Ifm satisfied.
Snore snore snore
   Snore snore snore
Snore snore snore
          Snore snore snore
................
................
................
h*Yaaaawn*... I slept well.h
hWell, letfs get up.h
hGood morning, Rance-sama.h
hYup.h
Freon hfMorning, sleep well?h
Return to last nightfs position?
