Freon ÅhRoomÅfs open.
       But donÅft get it too dirty, eh?Åh
ÅhIÅfll make sure itÅfs all sticky when IÅfm done.Åh
I entered the normal room.
ÅhToday was tiring too, wasnÅft it, Rance-sama?Åh
ÅhHey, who said you could come with me to my room?
 Wait outside.Åh
ÅhYes.Åh
ÅhThen, Rance-sama.
 Good night.Åh
Sill shuffled out of the room.
Well then, how Åfbout I have an hour of fun before bed?
This is my room.
I flipped on the switch for the roomÅfs Magic Vision.
I donÅft feel like the dayÅfs over if I donÅft watch this
serial drama I always look forward to every night.
IÅfm so excited!
(Beep beep beep beep click)
Magic Vision is receiving magic waves.
Alright, IÅfll call someone to spend the night with.
Who should receive the pleasure of being my companion
tonight?
Athena 2.0Åfs defective.
I canÅft fuck her, I just canÅft.
Shit, that stupid old hag..
I feel like IÅfve been going through hell thanks to her
lately.
Alright, IÅfll call Julia and have a fun night with her.
She was a virgin until just a little while ago, so she
should still be nice and tight.
IÅfll have to work reeeeeeeeeeeeeal hard to teach her how
great men are.
ÅhGood eveniing.. ItÅfs Julia.Åh
The door opened loudly and Julia bounced in.
ÅhYo, I was waiting for you.
 CÅfmon, get over here.Åh
I patted the bed, inviting Julia over.
ÅhEhhhhhh?Åh
ÅhWhatÅfre we doing??Åh
ÅhSomething fun!Åh
ÅhA man and a woman, together in the same room, traveling
 to a dazzling wonderland like a dream..
 SpringÅfs just beginning.Åh
Åh.......I donÅft get it.Åh
ÅhWhat I mean is, IÅfm going to bring you pleasure akin to
 ascending to heaven.Åh
ÅhYou mean.. sex, right?Åh
ÅhYup, I do.
 Now letÅfs get to it.Åh
ÅhNo.Åh
ÅhWhat!?Åh
ÅhBut it hurts!
 Julia doesnÅft like pain.Åh
ÅhItÅfs all about training.
 If you do it a bunch, itÅfll feel good.
 So letÅfs do it.Åh
ÅhNo, I hate training too.
 IÅfm sorry, Rance-chan.Åh
Åh....Oooooooh.Åh
ÅhThen, good night.Åh
(Smooch)
Julia gave me a little kiss on the cheek and left the
room.
Åh.........Åh
ÅhThis is why I hate kids.Åh
Being able to have sex with me is something everyone born
as a woman dreams about...
Well, whatever. IÅfll call someone else.
Alright, IÅfll call that Shizuka bitch.
ÅhDo you want something?Åh
ItÅfd be nice if she showed up in something sexy, but
instead Masou Shizuka appeared in her regular, completely
unsexy clothes.
ÅhYouÅfre on night duty with me tonight.
 Be grateful.Åh
ÅhDumbass.
 WhoÅfd wanna do that..? YouÅfre such a moron.Åh
ÅhWhaat!Åh
ÅhIf youÅfre gonna be like that, IÅfll just rape you by
 force!Åh
I leaped onto Shizuka.
ÅhStep-stop!Åh
Shizuka chanted some kind of spell at me before I got to
her.
ÅhOoh... I canÅft move, my body.. ooh...Åh
ÅhWhy donÅft you spend the night like that, reflecting on
 your actions?Åh
Åh.............Åh
ÅhIf I have this power, IÅfll be able to easily defeat my
 fatherÅfs enemy.
 Fufufufufu.Åh
Åh..............Åh
ÅhWell then, Rance.
 ÅfNight.Åh
I could do nothing but sleep, since I couldnÅft move.
This is painful.....
ÅhWhat do you want this late at night?Åh
Shizuka appeared nonchalantly in my room.
Åh...........Åh
ÅhFufufufufufufu....Åh
ÅhAh, youÅfre thinking something stupid and perverted
 again, arenÅft you!?Åh
ÅhFufufufufufu.....Åh
Åh...Geez, youÅfre absolutely hopeless, arenÅft you?Åh
ÅhWhat!!?
 Here I am saying IÅfll go to the trouble of sleeping with
 you and thatÅfs the attitude youÅfre taking with me?Åh
ÅhIÅfll have to decline.
 If you want to do it so bad, youÅfre welcome to go at it
 by yourself.Åh
(Slam)
Shizuka left the room.
Shit, what a cocky bitch.
Ahh, this pisses me off.
IÅfll.. pass on Leila-san.
I called Kanami to my room.
ÅhWhat do you want this late at night?Åh
ÅhOh, I just thought IÅfd teach Kanami-chan about a womanÅfs
 happiness.
 ArenÅft I nice?Åh
Åh.....What do you mean, Åfa womanÅfs happinessÅf..?Åh
ÅhEveryoneÅfs always said a womanÅfs happiness is being
 embraced by the one she loves. Meaning you being
 embraced by me.Åh
ÅhNo thanks.Åh
Kanami left the room, a disgusted look on her face.
Åh....What a bitch.
 Oh well, IÅfll have to call someone else.Åh
I called Merim to my room.
ÅhGood evening, sorry to impose on you like this.Åh
ÅhYo, thanks for coming.Åh
ÅhUmm, what do you need?Åh
ÅhItÅfs not that I particularly need anything...
 Well, letÅfs see...Åh
I decided I was gonna fuck Merim after defeating that
B-whatever-his-name-was guy, so IÅfm not gonna make a move
on her now.
ÅhWell then, we could talk about archaeology.
 ItÅfs really interesting, you know?Åh
ÅhNah, thatÅfs fine.
 You can leave.Åh
Seems like itÅfll take a while if Merim starts talking
about that, so I donÅft wanna listen.
Åh....Alright, then... good night.Åh
Merim left the room.
I called Merim to my room.
ÅhGood evening.Åh
ÅhStrip.Åh
Åh.....Understood.Åh
Merim ÅhPlease, use me as you see fit.Åh
Merim opened up her legs and showed me her mystery on her own.
Rance ÅhGahahahaha, alright.
       IÅfll treat you nice again today.Åh
I assaulted Merim.
I decided to call Merim.
It was in order to have sex with her, of course.
The wound on her heart, that man called Bitch, is dead.
All thatÅfs left is for me to show her some kindness.
ÅhUmm... good evening, Rance-san.Åh
ÅhThanks for coming.Åh
ÅhToday, I, well....Åh
ÅhPlease embrace me.Åh
ÅhHeh?Åh
Merim slipped past me and sat on the bed.
Ohh, she seems prepared.
I approached the bed, taking off my clothes.
Merim ÅhRance-san.Åh
Rance ÅhWhat?Åh
Merim ÅhWhy didnÅft you have sex with me until now?Åh
Rance Åh............Åh
Merim ÅhWas it pity?Åh
Rance ÅhNo.Åh
Merim ÅhThen, why.. Is it because IÅfm unattractive?
       I heard you would make a move on any girl, Rance-san.Åh
Rance ÅhWho the heckÅfs saying stuff like that?Åh
Merim ÅhWell, Kanami-san and Shizuka-san, and Leila-san...Åh
Rance ÅhAh, those guys.. what the heck do they think I am?Åh
Merim Åh.....Were they lying?Åh
Rance ÅhNo, itÅfs true.Åh
Rance ÅhItÅfs my mission to give every woman love and happiness, after
       all.
       IÅfll fuck any girl if sheÅfs cute.Åh
Merim Åh...I see. ItÅfs true that IÅfm not cute..
       With these glasses and all...Åh
Rance ÅhThatÅfs not it, youÅfre very cute.
       Have confidence in yourself.Åh
Merim Åh......Then why?Åh
Rance ÅhI couldnÅft forgive that old lecher Bitch for treating you like
       his plaything.Åh
Merim Åh.......Åh
Rance ÅhAs long as he was alive, IÅfd have been hole brothers with him
       if IÅfd fucked you, so I had to kill him.Åh
Rance ÅhWell, he went and died on his own though.Åh
Merim Åh............Åh
Rance ÅhNow the man who tormented you is no longer in this world.Åh
Rance ÅhMerim, youÅfre free. You donÅft need to worry about anything
       anymore. DonÅft worry and just have sex with me. IÅfll teach you
       what sex with a wonderful man is like.Åh
Merim Åh...Umm.. IÅfve.. well.. had sex with other men too.Åh
Merim ÅhThere was Bitch-samaÅfs son, Bitch Jr.-sama, his friend
       Heinel-sama, the head cook Suminaru-sama, and....Åh
Rance ÅhAargh, thatÅfs enough!!Åh
I leaned on Merim and shut her mouth with my hand.
Rance ÅhIÅfll deal with all of them later.Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfll make it so that the only man in the world whoÅfs touched
       your body is me.
       Got it?Åh
Merim Åh......Yes.Åh
I embraced Merim.
Merim ÅhAh....Åh
I got under Merim and softly licked her mystery.
Merim ÅhAh.. Umm....Åh
Rance ÅhWhat is it?Åh
Merim ÅhShall I, lick yours too, Rance-san?Åh
Rance ÅhHunh?Åh
Merim ÅhAnd, Rance-san, itÅfs alright if you want to, you know, put
       something in instead of just licking.Åh
Merim ÅhAlso, itÅfs fine if you want to use clothespins, or tie me up
       with ropes or the sheets or whatever....Åh
Merim ÅhOh, and if youÅfre going to use a whip, could you make it a wet
       towel, please? It wonÅft leave a mark that way.Åh
Merim ÅhBut if itÅfll make you happier leaving marks, I donÅft mind if
       you use....Åh
Rance ÅhDaaaaaaah!!!!!!Åh
Rance ÅhYou talk too much, whether itÅfs about archeaology or violent
       sex!!Åh
Rance ÅhIf you like being ordered around so much, IÅfll order you!!Åh
Rance ÅhThe only noises I want you making are ones caused by me.
       If you feel like it at some point, go ahead and touch me
       however you want to.Åh
Rance ÅhGot it!?Åh
Merim ÅhIs that really okay?Åh
Rance ÅhIt is!!! Got it!!?Åh
Merim Åh....Yes...Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfm gonna lick.Åh
Merim ÅhYes... nh.. ah...!Åh
I stuck my tongue into MerimÅfs already wet pussy and licked softly.
Merim ÅhNnh..!Åh
Rance ÅhThat feel good?Åh
Merim ÅhY.. yes....
       ItÅfs the first time anyoneÅfs... been so kind to me...Åh
Merim Åh...IÅfm kind of.. nervous....Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfll make you feel good before you can feel nervous. See?Åh
I licked MerimÅfs important place even more.
Merim ÅhHah... ah...!Åh
MerimÅfs hips jump up and she tries to get away from me.
I grabbed her hips lightly and licked even more.
Merim ÅhRa... Rance-san... MerimÅfs....Åh
Rance ÅhWhat, are you ready already?Åh
Merim ÅhYes....Åh
Rance ÅhAlright. IÅfm putting it in.Åh
Merim ÅhNh... nnh..!Åh
I poked MerimÅfs entrance a few times with my hyper weapon as if to
tease her and then slowly pushed inside her.
Merim ÅhAh... it feels so warm and nice...Åh
Rance ÅhDoesnÅft it? DoesnÅft it?
       IÅfll make it feel even better.Åh
Merim Åh...Ah... Be gentle....
       ..Nh.. ah..!Åh
I moved in Merim so gently that I even surprised myself.
I push in and out of her, caressing her from her hips to her butt.
Merim ÅhAh... Rance-san...!Åh
I pull out once and poke around her flower petals.
Then I push in again.
This time, a little stronger.
Merim ÅhAah.. ah.. nn.... ah.. ha..!Åh
Merim has started moving her hips slowly too.
Rance ÅhAlright.. letÅfs go...!Åh
I stimulated Merim as much as I could with my hyper weapon.
Merim moved her hips to match me.
Rance ÅhGood.. Merim....Åh
Merim ÅhYes... ah.. aah..!Åh
Merim has started moving her hips faster and less regularly.
Merim Åh...IÅfm com... ing...Åh
Rance ÅhAlriight, good...
       .......Nh...!Åh
Merim ÅhAh... Rance-san...
       ...Ah... aah.. ha..!Åh
MerimÅfs movements became even more irregular.
Merim ÅhAah, ah, ah, ah...!Åh
MerimÅfs body shivered a few times, then with one last shake of her
hips, her hands fell powerless onto my chest.
Rance ÅhNh!!Åh
I released inside of Merim.
Merim let out a little sigh.
Rance ÅhDid you enjoy yourself?Åh
Merim Åh.......Yes...
       ...Thank you very much... Rance-san....Åh
Well then, letÅfs go spy on MariaÅfs room.
I headed to MariaÅfs room.
(Sneak sneak sneak)
(Cr-creeeeeak)
I open the door.
ÅhYo, howÅfs it goinÅf?Åh
ÅhIÅfm almost done with the Tulip #1Åfs power up.Åh
ÅhIÅfve got the parts I needed, the heated glass and the
 Hirara alloy, so itÅfs perfect.Åh
ÅhHmmmm, that thing had better be useful once itÅfs done.Åh
ÅhThe Tulip #1 will be unstoppable now.
 So youÅfd better bring me on the exploration tomorrow.Åh
ÅhWell, IÅfll think about it.Åh
ÅhYeah.Åh
ÅhAlright, letÅfs get to it!
 IÅfll stay up all night and finish it before tomorrow.
 ÅfNight, Rance.Åh
ÅhYeah.Åh
I left MariaÅfs room and returned to my bed where I
quickly fell asleep.
Working all through the night.. MariaÅfs got a lot of..
time on her hands.
*Snore* *snore* *snore*
I bet MariaÅfs still developing that weapon of hers, so
letÅfs go bother her.
I headed to MariaÅfs room.
(Sneak sneak sneak)
(Crcreeeeeak)
I open the door.
Åh......Rance.
 What is it so late at night..?Åh
ÅhI came all this way to play with you since I thought you
 were probably spending the night pitifully masturbating
 with no one to call a partner.Åh
ÅhGeez.. well IÅfm not.Åh
ÅhIÅfm modifying the Tulip #1.
 I have to sharpen the Hirara Alloy and make cartridges
 too.Åh
ÅhYou sure you werenÅft masturbating?Åh
ÅhI wasnÅft!
 Geez, IÅfm not you, Rance.Åh
ÅhI donÅft masturbate.
 IÅfve always got partners to spare since IÅfm so popular,
 so I can do it whenever I want with whoever I want.Åh
Åh........Idiot.Åh
ÅhWhaaat!?Åh
ÅhSo by the way, what do you want?Åh
ÅhI came for sex, of course.Åh
I assaulted Maria.
ÅhKya...!Åh
(Clatter)
The moment I assaulted her, a strange box that was on the
desk fell and a bunch of little pieces of rock fell onto
the floor.
ÅhAaaah, my cartridges!!Åh
ÅhOh.Åh
ÅhDonÅft you ÅfohÅf me!
 Look what youÅfve done!Åh
Maria hastily started picking up the rocks scattered on
the floor.
Åh...Ah, well then.. IÅfll take my leave here.Åh
I left MariaÅfs room and returned to my own where I
immediately fell asleep.
Yeah, letÅfs call Maria tonight and have some fun with
her.
I called Maria on the inner line, but she didnÅft respond.
ThatÅfs strange... what could she be doing?
IÅfm going to the trouble of calling her like this too.
Well, fine.
I guess IÅfll go to her tonight.
I left my room and headed to MariaÅfs.
And I entered the room boldly without knocking.
Åh....Who... oh, Rance.Åh
Seems like Maria was shut up in her room doing some
incomprehensible reùrçı again.
ÅhAre you making something again?Åh
ÅhYeah, I thought the fighting would get kinda rough after
 this, so IÅfm working on strengthening the Tulip #1.Åh
ÅhStrengthening that cannon, huh....?Åh
ÅhIf I increase the Hirara combustion rate by 20% and
 raise the immediate firepower.. it should work.Åh
ÅhWell, IÅfve gotta get to work.Åh
.....DoesnÅft seem like anything sexyÅfs happening here
tonight.
But IÅfm gonna do it. I wanna do it, so IÅfm gonna do it.
I approached Maria from behind to assault her.
ÅhMa-ri-a!Åh
ÅhOh, Rance, thatÅfs right.
 Can you do a favor for me?Åh
Åh...A favor??Åh
ÅhYeah.Åh
ÅhIÅfm still missing a few of the materials I need for the
 Tulip #1Åfs power up.Åh
Åh......Åh
ÅhI still need some Hirara Alloy and heated glass.
 Could you get those for me?Åh
ÅhEh, well, fine.. If I see any IÅfll pick Åfem up for you.Åh
ÅhThanks.Åh
....I kinda missed my chance to assault her there.
IÅfm not really in the mood anymore, so IÅfll go back to my
room and sleep for tonight.
ÅhSee ya.Åh
ÅhOh, Rance.Åh
Maria stopped me before I left.
Åh...Well.. Thanks for saving me.Åh
Åh.....Åh
At that, I left MariaÅfs room and went to bed.
I called Io to my room.
ÅhLetÅfs have fun tonight too, Io.Åh
ÅhGladly, Rance-san...Åh
I pushed Io onto the bed.
(Ram ram ram)
(Spurt!!)
     (Spurt)
 (Spurt)
(Stir stir stir)
..........
Io ÅhPhew... that was amazing.Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahaha, wasnÅft it, wasnÅft it?Åh
Io ÅhCall me again tomorrow, okay, Rance-san?Åh
..........
(Snore snore snore)
Well, why donÅft we relax by calling Sill over and making
her masturbate and watching her with a nice tall glass of
oolong tea?
(Knock knock)
Hm..? SomeoneÅfs here.
ÅhHello..!Åh
An energetic Julia appeared in her underwear.
ÅhWhat the heck are you here for??Åh
ÅhA twist!Åh
ÅhTwist??Åh
Åh....Was it trist??Åh
ÅhYou mean a tryst?
 Not that IÅfm against it.Åh
ÅhJuliaÅfs come to tryst.
 LetÅfs have fun, okay Rance-chan?Åh
Julia, in only her underwear, laughs innocently.
Does she know what a tryst is?
Or...?
Since sheÅfs come to my room when she doesnÅft even know me
yet, maybe she just looks all innocent and is actually
some kinda sex maniac kid....
Well, if thatÅfs true, this could be fun.
ÅhMmfufufu...!Åh
IÅfm so honest my face just lit up with happiness.
ÅhAlright, then get over here.Åh
ÅhMkay.Åh
ÅhOh, right.
 IÅfve gotta give this to you.Åh
Julia took a letter out of her bow.
(Does she really keep stuff in there?)
ÅhRance-chan.
 This letterÅfs from Princess Lia.Åh
ÅhLia, eh?Åh
ÅhYeah, this is JuliaÅfs mission.Åh
I took the letter from Julia and ripped it open, looking
inside.
ÅhLetÅfs see here...Åh
ÅFHelloooo, my beloved Darling      ÅF
ÅF                                  ÅF
ÅFThis girl, Julia Rindam, is a     ÅF
ÅFpresent from Lia to Darling.      ÅF
ÅFSheÅfs a Lia-certified virgin.     ÅF
ÅFLiaÅfs a little jealous, but sheÅfllÅF
ÅFput up with it if Darling has fun.ÅF
ÅFHave fun with Lia next time, Åfkay?ÅF
Åh........Åh
ÅhA present from Lia, huh?Åh
ÅhPrincess Lia personally asked Julia to have sex with
 Rance-chan!Åh
ÅhSo please have sex with Julia.
 If you donÅft have sex with me, I wonÅft be able to
 complete my mission, after all.Åh
ÅhOkay, IÅfll do it.
 Tearing hymens is my specialty.
 Gahahahahahaha!Åh
ÅhKyahahahahahahahaha!Åh
ÅhAlright, take off your panties and get on the bed.Åh
ÅhOkaaay.Åh
Julia Åh..JuliaÅfs, embarrassed.Åh
I sat Julia on the bed and took off her panties.
Julia ÅhOh.. What are you doing, Rance-chan?Åh
I softly caressed JuliaÅfs unused pussy.
Rance ÅhOhh, just like a virgin.
       ItÅfs all fresh and nice.Åh
Julia ÅhIs it really?
       Is Julia the best?Åh
Rance ÅhYup.
       IÅfve got no problems with the color or shape, especially right
       here...Åh
I opened up JuliaÅfs flower petals and gave the little bean inside a
lick.
Julia ÅhAhn, Rance-chan, you canÅft!
       ThatÅfs where I pee.. itÅfs dirty!Åh
Rance ÅhItÅfs not dirty, itÅfs beautiful.
       I canÅft get enough, *lick* *lick*.Åh
I made sure to take plenty of time making JuliaÅfs virgin flower
bloom.
Julia ÅhAaah.. weird, I feel weird.
       Stop, Rance-chan, Julia feels strange!Åh
Rance ÅhItÅfs not strange.
       ItÅfs just a natural reaction.Åh
I embraced Julia, giving her neck hot kisses while gently fondling
her immature breasts.
Julia Åh..Ahn... That feels good.Åh
Rance ÅhI bet it does. IÅfm good at this, you know.Åh
Julia ÅhYeah, you are.
       Do more!Åh
Rance ÅhSure.Åh
I carried on cultivating Julia with my techniques.
ItÅfs really fun seeing an inexperienced body react to my attacks like
this.
Julia Åh...That feels good. Ahn!Åh
I reached my hand in between JuliaÅfs legs and felt a flood.
JuliaÅfs virgin flower was wide open, waiting for me.
Rance ÅhJulia, weÅfre gonna start soon.Åh
Julia ÅhNo, touch.. touch me.. more.
       Do more stuff that feels good!Åh
Julia pushed her body onto me, seeking more pleasure.
Rance ÅhItÅfs more fun for me if I put it in.
       JuliaÅfll have more fun that way too.Åh
Julia ÅhReally?Åh
Rance ÅhReally.
       Look, my *beep* is so excited to be inside you.Åh
I put the dick IÅfm so proud of into JuliaÅfs hands.
ItÅfs arousing just having her touch it with her little, timid hands.
Julia ÅhOh, itÅfs twitching!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahahaha, isnÅft it great?Åh
Julia ÅhBut itÅfs way too big.
       It wonÅft fit inside Julia.Åh
Rance ÅhItÅfs fine. Babies come outta there, you know.
       Even if mineÅfs a little bigger than average, itÅfll be fine.Åh
Julia ÅhReally?Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfm a veteran of sex, you know.
       IÅfll make sure it doesnÅft hurt, so donÅft worry.Åh
Julia ÅhO.. okay...Åh
(Push..)
I entered Julia slowly.
Julia Åh*Gasp*... it hurts, it huuurts!
       Stop, Rance-chan!Åh
Rance ÅhWhoa, itÅfs super tight.
       It feels like itÅfs gonna tear. This is awesome.Åh
JuliaÅfs virgin pussy had an amazing tightness.
I donÅft think I can get it all the way in in one go.
Julia ÅhOw, ow, ow, stop!
       Liar, you said it wouldnÅft hurt!!Åh
Rance ÅhThis is great, IÅfm gonna keep going!Åh
Julia ÅhNo, no, no!
       Rance-chan, you meany!Åh
Rance ÅhMmmmm, this is greaaat!Åh
Julia ÅhAaaan, waaah, waaah!
       JuliaÅfs gonna die!Åh
(Ram ram clench grit)
My destructive weapon pushed in slowly to about as far as it was
going to go.
JuliaÅfs virginity was completely destroyed.
Rance ÅhPhew.. that was nice.Åh
Julia Åh*Sooob*, are you done.. are you done??
       Then take it out, take it out, take it out!Åh
Rance ÅhWhat are you talking about? WeÅfre just getting started.
       ItÅfll start feeling good after this.Åh
I pulled my hips back a little and then shoved inside again.
Julia Åh*Gasp*..!Åh
(Ram ram ram smack smack smack)
Julia Åh*Gasp*.. no.. ah, *gasp*..!Åh
I ignored JuliaÅfs protests and continued pleasing myself.
Mmmm, this is the best.
(Spuuuuuuuuuuuuurt)
I let everything out inside Julia.
...............
................
I spent the night having fun with Io.
Io seems to love sex too.
We writhed together, competing with our techniques.
Io attacks knowing which places will please men the most.
WeÅfre in complete harmony.
..........
Rance ÅhOoh...!Åh
I let out my fourth load onto IoÅfs chest.
Phew... this feels great.
Io ÅhYours is so thick and delicious, Rance-san.Åh
The first time was in IoÅfs mouth....
I filled IoÅfs secret flower garden with the second...
The third also went into IoÅfs flower garden....
And I just shot #4 onto IoÅfs chest.
Io ÅhYouÅfre amazing, Rance-san, itÅfs.. the first time IÅfve ever.. been
    with such an amazing man.Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahaha, this is super easy for me.
       I can go ten times tonight, you know.Åh
Io ÅhAmazing.. I canÅft even go that long.
    Ahn.. youÅfre wonderful.Åh
Rance ÅhAlright, I wonÅft let you sleep tonight.Åh
I showed my completely recovered, rock hard destructive weapon to Io.
Rance ÅhSee? Look.Åh
Io ÅhAhah, wow!Åh
Rance ÅhWell, letÅfs go again!Åh
Io ÅhWait a minute........
    Hey, that slave girl of yours....Åh
Rance ÅhYou mean Sill...?Åh
Io ÅhWhy donÅft you call her so we can all have fun together?Åh
Rance ÅhCall Sill?Åh
Io ÅhCÅfmon, please?
    I wanna play with her.Åh
Rance ÅhHmmmm.Åh
Io ÅhPlease?Åh
Rance ÅhAlright, I got it.
       IÅfll call Sill.Åh
LetÅfs have fun with Io and Sill together.
................
Io ÅhOkay, Sill-chan... lick it.Åh
Io ÅhItÅfs specially mixed juice full of my love juice and your
    masterÅfs semen.
    Ah....Åh
Io ÅhThatÅfs right.. use your tongue more and suck it up..
    Ah..!Åh
I forced Sill to do a little fellatio after waking her up in the
middle of the night and dragging her over here.
After Sill cleaned my destructive weapon with her mouth, Io had her
start licking her pussy as well.
Sill ÅhRance-sama, why.. am I..?Åh
Rance ÅhStop complaining and get to work.Åh
I gave SillÅfs butt a kick.
Sill ÅhAh... yes.Åh
Sill put her tongue to IoÅfs pussy again and started licking like a
cat.
Io ÅhAh.. thatÅfs right, good.
    That feels nice.....Åh
Io grabbed SillÅfs hair and gave it a yank.
Sill ÅhUgh..!Åh
Io ÅhSheÅfs a very convenient slave, isnÅft she, Rance-san?Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahaha, well sheÅfs mine after all.
       SheÅfs top quality stuff.Åh
Sill ÅhRance-sama...Åh
Sill ÅhNo... what are you doing?Åh
Io ÅhItÅfs just a little game.Åh
Io ÅhWeÅfll both attack her for five minutes each and the one who makes
    her cum first wins.Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahaha, thatÅfll be me then.Åh
Io ÅhBut, Rance-san.
    YouÅfre not allowed to use that thing youÅfre so proud of.
    It wonÅft be a competition if you do.Åh
Rance ÅhGahahaha, I sÅfpose so.
       Then IÅfll go first!Åh
Alright, what next?
Rance ÅhYouÅfve got nice tits as usual!Åh
I grabbed SillÅfs breasts and gently fondled them.
Sill Åh....Ah!Åh
I fondle her breasts with a circular motion and occasionally use my
thumbs to stimulate her cute nipples.
(Fondle fondle fondle fondle)
Sill ÅhAah...!Åh
I lifted SillÅfs chin with my hand and swiftly sealed her lips.
Sill closed her eyes and accepted my tongue.
SillÅfs sweet, sensual taste was making me harder and harder.
(Shit!) I removed my lips from hers.
Siil ÅhA..haa..n!Åh
Rance ÅhPhew.. This is turning ME on instead.
       Tch.Åh
I fondled SillÅfs ass.
ItÅfs a wonderful elastic sort of feeling.
As I fondled I slooowly moved my hand toward her slit.
Sill Åh...!Åh
I put my finger into the slit and then stuck it into her flower bud
up to the first knuckle.
Sill ÅhAhn..., Rance-sama.. no..!Åh
I continue my attack, ignoring SillÅfs protests.
Seems like itÅfs having an effect.
I know SillÅfs weak point. ItÅfs here.
Sill ÅhAh...!Åh
My fingers parted SillÅfs soft hairs and attacked the hill below them.
My god fingers skillfully stroke and part SillÅfs flower petals.
Sill ÅhAh.... *gasp*...!Åh
(Stroke stroke stroke)
My fingers continued their attack.
Io ÅhTimeÅfs up, Rance-san.
    Looks like Sill-chan hasnÅft cum yet.Åh
Rance ÅhTch.Åh
Io ÅhHohohohohohoho, itÅfs my turn now.
    IÅfll use my techniques to show you why they call me the Bisexual
    Queen.Åh
(Hit)
I smacked SillÅfs head lightly and moved away from her.
Rance ÅhTch, frigid bitch.
       I was putting all of my love into that foreplay.
       You were supposed to cum until you pass out!Åh
Sill ÅhRance-sama, I canÅft.. not in a situation like this.Åh
TodayÅfs sexy times continued late into the night.
............
Alright, IÅfll call Merim to my room.
I waited for Merim, swelling with anticipation.
ÅhGood evening, umm....Åh
ÅhYou understand why I called for you, right?Åh
Åh.........Åh
ÅhI understand.
 IÅfm prepared.Åh
ÅhHmmm, youÅfre quick on the uptake.Åh
I pulled Merim close to me and kissed her.
ÅhAah.. nn..!Åh
SheÅfs not wearing lipstick, but her lips are sweet.
ÅhAlright, strip.Åh
ÅhYes, sir.Åh
At my request, Merim started obediently taking off her
clothes.
 This is exciting!
When Merim had stripped down to her underwear, I was surprised.
Rance ÅhEh, those...?Åh
MerimÅfs body didnÅft have the pure, unblemished skin I was expecting,
nor was she wearing the unadorned white underwear I was anticipating.
Sexy pink underwear and the marks of whips and ropes.....
SheÅfs completely different than I expected. Far from being a virgin,
she could be quite experienced....
Rance ÅhWh.. what are those about??Åh
Merim Åh.........Åh
Rance ÅhRope and whip marks.. could it be, youÅfre a masochist?
       YouÅfve got an innocent-looking face but youÅfre actually into
       stuff like S&M?Åh
Merim ÅhTh.. thatÅfs not it.
       I....Åh
Merim spoke with her face pointed down, about to cry.
Rance Åh..........Åh
Rance ÅhLooks like youÅfve got your reasons.
       Anyway, put your clothes back on.Åh
At my order, Merim started putting her clothes back on.
ÅhUmm... IÅfm dressed..Åh
ÅhWhat were those scars?Åh
ÅhIÅfm sorry, you donÅft like the scars, do you?Åh
ÅhThatÅfs not what I meant.
 Why do you have them?Åh
Åh...........Åh
ÅhJust talk.Åh
ÅhItÅfs because Bitch-sama likes to....Åh
ÅhIs Bitch that weak-looking Helman commander guy?Åh
ÅhYes.Åh
ÅhWhy would you.. is it because he ordered you as your
 commander?Åh
ÅhNo, IÅfm not a soldier after all.Åh
ÅhThen is he blackmailing you or something?Åh
ÅhNo.Åh
ÅhIÅfm a maid of the Golch family.
 Bitch-sama is the young master of the family...Åh
Åh.........Åh
Åh......Umm, is that all?Åh
ÅhNo, explain more.Åh
Åh....Yes.Åh
ÅhWhen I was 13, my fatherÅfs business failed and he
 incurred a large number of debts.
 I was sold to the Golch family as a maid in order to pay
 those debts.Åh
ÅhI see, a common tale.Åh
ÅhAnd the young master there, Bitch-sama....Åh
ÅhEver since you were 13, eh?
 How tragic.Åh
Åh.........Åh
ÅhSo he could do anything he wanted to you since you
 didnÅft fight back.Åh
Åh......Yes.Åh
ÅhAnd even now.. looking at those rope and whip marks,
 itÅfs pretty clear that this Bitch guy is a pervert.
 Well, heÅfs definitely got a pervert face, I guess.Åh
ÅhUmm.. Rance-san, you donÅft have to worry about me.Åh
ÅhEh?Åh
ÅhIÅfm fine. I donÅft care what you do to me.
 IÅfve been taught many times what makes men happy.Åh
ÅhWhatever position is fine, and I can do S&M and
 fellatio as well.
 If youÅfd like, I can also do.. anal.
 Please do as you like.Åh
I dunno what that Bitch guyÅfs been teaching her, but
sheÅfs kinda pitiful.
This girl doesnÅft even question being fucked in this kind
of situation.
Can I actually have sex with her here?
Åh........Åh
.....I canÅft fuck a girl I feel this sorry for.
ÅhWeÅfre done here.
 Go back to your room.Åh
ÅhWeÅfre not going to..?Åh
ÅhIf itÅfs me youÅfre worried about, itÅfs fine.
 Please do as you like.Åh
ÅhShut up.Åh
Åh......Åh
ÅhIÅfll fuck you after IÅfve killed Bitch.
 Okay?Åh
ÅhI donÅft, really....Åh
ÅhI decided. DonÅft complain.
 ItÅfs fine, just go back to your room.Åh
Åh............Åh
I chased Merim out of my room.
I canÅft forgive that Helman commander for bullying such a
cute girl.
IÅfm the only one who can bully cute girls.
That low-life bastard had absolutely no right to do this.
Anyway, after I beat Bitch, IÅfm gonna have to teach that
girl what men are really about, since itÅfs just too sad
to leave her as she is.
I went to sleep that night feeling horny while imagining
the things Bitch did to her.
Alright, then IÅfll have fun too.
ÅhFrom the situation you were in, I assume you know how to
 pleasure a man.Åh
Åh......Åh
ÅhFufufufufu, IÅfm gonna enjoy this all I can.Åh
ÅhYes, I understand.
 Please allow me to serve you.Åh
Rance ÅhNow then, strip.
       On the double!Åh
Merim Åh.....Yes, sir.Åh
Merim started stripping swiftly.
Rance ÅhMufufufufufufu.Åh
Merim ÅhUmm.. what exactly is your request?Åh
Rance ÅhLetÅfs see, first of all, why donÅft you show it to me.
       Spread those legs!Åh
Merim ÅhYes, sir.Åh
Merim took a seat on the bed and swiftly removed her panties.
Merim Åh.....Please, go ahead.Åh
Merim opened her legs as IÅfd ordered and spread her embarrassing
place open with her fingers.
Rance Åh......Åh
I donÅft know what things were done to her, but MerimÅfs pussy was
completely darkened from use.
Rance ÅhOpen it up sÅfmore.Åh
Merim Åh...L.. like this?Åh
She uses both of her hands to push open her dirty flower garden to
its limits.
ItÅfs a dirty flower that doesnÅft match her childish face at all.
Rance ÅhWhat an overused XXX.
       This is disgusting.Åh
Merim Åh......IÅfm sorry.Åh
I inserted my pointer finger slooowly into MerimÅfs open XXX.
Merim Åh...Ah...!Åh
My finger entered with no resistance at all, and the ease with which
MerimÅfs body opens itself to men was transmitted directly to me from
my finger.
Rance ÅhOh, youÅfre already wet... how lewd.
       YouÅfre an embarrassing one.Åh
Merim Åh...Yes, Merim is lewd.
       Please punish me more.Åh
Embarrassing words come back to me as if sheÅfd been taught to say
them.
This is definitely the response of a sex slave.
Rance ÅhI see, then punish you I will.Åh
I put three fingers together and shoved them into Merim, feeling the
warm, wet walls inside of her.
Merim ÅhAh.. ahn.. ah.. that feels good.
       Merim is so happy.Åh
MerimÅfs pussy was filled with a dirty fluid and my fingers made wet
noises whenever I moved them.
Merim ÅhAh.. please.. please do more.Åh
Rance ÅhHm.. what kind of things would you like me to do?Åh
I asked, pulling my fingers out of Merim.
Merim ÅhPlease, Rance-san.. please give it to me.Åh
Rance ÅhGive what to where exactly??Åh
Merim ÅhPlease put your XXXX in MerimÅfs XXX, Rance-san.Åh
Merim pleaded to me, pushing her pussy open with her own fingers.
Rance ÅhVery well.
       Turn around and show me your ass.Åh
Merim ÅhYes.Åh
I had Merim get on all fours like a dog and stuck my hyper weapon
into her from the back.
(Ram)
My dick is enveloped in warmth.
Rance ÅhHm, what a wet XXXX.
       IÅfm gonna go right at it.Åh
I began piercing Merim with my rapid piston movement.
Merim Åh*Gasp*.. *gasp*.. *gasp*.. aaaaah..!Åh
MerimÅfs response was emphatic.
Rance ÅhGahahahahahahaha...!Åh
Merim ÅhAhn.. ohh.. ahahaha....!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahahaha, uhahahahahahaha!!Åh
Merim ÅhAhn... IÅfm coming... Merim.. canÅft.. hiiiiih!Åh
Our sexy night has only begun.
LetÅfs see, who should I call?
Hmm.
ÅhHmmmm.Åh
... ÅhYou donÅft even need to think about it.Åh
ÅhHm...???Åh
ÅhWho is it, whoÅfs there... owah!Åh
Purple ÅhHello, hey.. letÅfs have sex!Åh
Purple, the girl I saved from the Okayu Fever, had appeared in my
room at some point.
Rance ÅhWhat, what do you.. *gulp*.Åh
Purple made bedroom eyes at me.
Purple ÅhHey, please.. I want it!
        I want.. Rance-sanÅfs manhood!Åh
Rance Åh..........Åh
Purple ÅhI donÅft know whatÅfll happen to me if you donÅft.
        Ah! The body the Okayu Fever gave me is so hot!Åh
Purple began writhing, groping herself violently.
Her loud moans echo through the room.
Purple ÅhPlease, satisfy my body.. itÅfs so hot.. please.
        Help me!!Åh
Rance ÅhI got it, IÅfll exorcise the OkayuÅfs spirit.Åh
I embraced Purple, who was writhing on top of the bed.
Rance ÅhFirst, tell me what you want me to do.Åh
Purple ÅhLick me...
        You donÅft need to touch me anymore...Åh
Purple ÅhI want you to put your tongue inside me where IÅfm wet and
        stir me up and make really loud noises!!Åh
Saying that, she stuck her fingers into herself and stirred around
just like sheÅfd said.
Rance ÅhAlright. Move your fingers.Åh
Purple ÅhAh... aahn!!Åh
Purple raised her voice loudly just from feeling the tip of my
tongue. I grabbed her thighs with both hands, spread them open, and
did what Purple had asked me to.
I soak the area in my saliva and move my tongue around, sucking on
her skin. I run my mouth over PurpleÅfs flower petals, covered in her
own fluid and mine.
Purple ÅhAh, aah! Aaahn!!Åh
Purple raised her voice, forgetting to breathe, and grabbed my head
with both hands as if not allowing me to escape.
I licked even more.
I made even more noises, attacking PurpleÅfs *beep* with just my
tongue.
Purple Åh*Gasp*! Aah.. hiah!!
        Rance-san.. give me..!Åh
Rance ÅhGive you what?Åh
Purple ÅhI want you to pierce my *beep* with your thick, hard, manly
        *beep*, Rance-san!!Åh
Purple spoke without a shred of embarrassment.
Rance ÅhAlriiight.. prepare yourself..!Åh
Purple Åh*Gasp*..!Åh
Purple ÅhHiah.. ah.. aah..!Åh
Purple ÅhAh.. aah.. aaaahn!!!Åh
Purple screamed, swallowing my dick up to its base.
SheÅfs going crazy.
Purple ÅhHu.. rry and move..
        more.... moore!!Åh
Rance ÅhAlright, IÅfm gonna go all out right from the start!Åh
I raised one of PurpleÅfs legs and began my hyper hip movement.
Purple ÅhAah.. ah.. aah..
        au! Ah, ah, ah, ah!!Åh
I opened PurpleÅfs legs up as much as I could and set the thrusts of
my super weapon to maximum speed.
Since she was wet even before I started my foreplay, it was getting
easier and easier to enter her.
Between thrusts, I circled a few times for something different.
The symphony of our joining was composed of the sounds of our flesh
slapping together with the occasional wet stirring noises throughout.
Purple ÅhA.. amazing.. ah.. aahn!!Åh
PurpleÅfs body was getting hotter.
Purple ÅhI canÅft take any more!
        IÅfm coming.. IÅfm coming!!Åh
Rance ÅhAwriiight... letÅfs gooo!Åh
Purple ÅhAh, aah, ah, ah, ah, ah...Åh
Purple ÅhAaaaahn!!!Åh
My dick was squeezed tightly and then Purple fell onto the bed,
sighing heavily.
Rance Åh...Man, IÅfm kinda tired of this.
       This womanÅfs trouble.Åh
... ÅhRance-san...Åh
Rance ÅhPurple, eh?Åh
Purple ÅhYep, youÅfre right.. hey..
        Can you fill me up again today..!?Åh
Purple ÅhMy body is so hot, IÅfm burning up, I just canÅft take it
        anymore..!Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfll fix it for you.Åh
Purple ÅhEh...?Åh
I pulled PurpleÅfs head to my chest and took her chin in my hand.
Purple ÅhNh... nnh!!Åh
I made as if to kiss her and instead poured the Fever Breaker into
PurpleÅfs mouth.
Purple ÅhNh.. ngh.. *cough* *cough*.. ...*cough*...!Åh
Rance ÅhHow do you feel?Åh
Purple ÅhKya....!Åh
Purple ÅhKYAAAAAA!!!Åh
Rance ÅhUwah!!Åh
Purple ÅhNo, no, no!!
        IÅfm so embarrassed...!!!Åh
Rance ÅhHave you returned to your senses?Åh
Purple ÅhY.. yes.. s.. so, so.. kya..Åh
Purple ÅhKyaaa!! Kyaaa!!
        No, no, nooo!!!Åh
Rance ÅhWhat the heck is your problem!!Åh
Purple ÅhBut, but, but..
        Just remembering the things IÅfve done up until now...Åh
Rance ÅhYou were pretty fuckinÅf crazy.
       You were like Åfscrew me, screw meÅf over and over and over
       again...Åh
Purple ÅhNooooooooooo!!!Åh
Rance ÅhWhatÅfs so bad about that?
       CÅfmon, letÅfs do it again tonight.
       The bedÅfs right there...Åh
Purple ÅhIÅfm... going home..Åh
Rance ÅhWhat???Åh
Purple ÅhBut, but, but..
        YouÅfve seen me be so embarrassing so many times...Åh
Purple ÅhIÅfm so embarrassed, I could die!!
        I canÅft see you anymore, Rance-san!!
        Goodbye!!Åh
Rance ÅhWait!! You canÅft leave after weÅfve already started!!Åh
..Is what I tried to say, but Purple had already left the room at an
incredible speed...
Rance ÅhD... damn it..Åh
Rance ÅhIf IÅfd known this was gonna happen, I wouldnÅft have used the
       Fever Breaker..Åh
Snore snore snore
   Snore snore snore
Snore snore snore
          Snore snore snore
................
................
................
Åh*Yaaaawn*... I slept well.Åh
ÅhWell then, I guess IÅfll get up.Åh
ÅhGood morning, Rance-sama.Åh
Freon ÅhÅfMorning.
       Sleep well last night?Åh
ÅhShut the fuck up, granny.
 DonÅft show your past-expiration-date face in front of me
 this early in the morning.
 My refreshing morning is completely ruined.Åh
Return to last nightÅfs position?
ÅhHey, Rance-san?Åh
ÅhWhat is it?Åh
ÅhI have a favor to ask...Åh
Åh............Åh
ÅhI suppose, you wonÅft believe me since IÅfm a traitor..Åh
ÅhIf Rance-san doesnÅft believe me anymore..
 IÅfll have to die...Åh
ÅhSwear loyalty to me.Åh
ÅhOf course.Åh
ÅhAlright, very well.
 So, whatÅfs your request?Åh
ÅhWell.. I wanna play with your devil?Åh
ÅhDevil??Åh
ÅhRight, Rance-sanÅfs devil slave...Åh
ÅhYou mean Feliss..?Åh
ÅhItÅfs fine, isnÅft it? I just wanna have some fun with
 her.
 Can I? Can I?Åh
....That might be pretty interesting.
I called Feliss so Io could play with her.
Feliss ÅhNoooo, please, donÅft!!Åh
Io ÅhHohohohohoho, itÅfs holy water, your favorite!
    Drink up, hohohohohohohohohoho!Åh
Io was using holy water sheÅfd taken out from somewhere to
bully Feliss.
Feliss ÅhKuh, oww.. oww.. *gaaasp*!Åh
Io ÅhOh, looks like normal water like this does work on a
    devil like you.Åh
Io ÅhThen I wonder whatÅfll happen if I pour this holy
    water straight into your vagina?Åh
Feliss ÅhNo, please.. IÅfll die.. donÅft!!Åh
Io ÅhHohohohoho, then youÅfd better start licking, right
    here.Åh
....IoÅfs a weird one alright.
I guess IÅfll have to save Feliss if this gets out of
hand.
After that, Io and I enjoyed Feliss together.
