Cynthia ÅhHello, Rance-san.Åh
Cynthia the priestess appeared.
Alicia ÅhOh, Rance-san, hello.Åh
ÅhYeah, hi.Åh
ÅhHello.Åh
No one was in the quiet church, since CynthiaÅfd been
abducted.
Cynthia ÅhRance-san, the monsters....
         Oh, this world is coming to an end.Åh
ÅhDonÅft make such a huge deal out of it.Åh
Cynthia ÅhOh, right.
         At a time like this, I should be praying to
         Younashi-sama for salvation.Åh
Cynthia ÅhOh, Younashi-sama.
         Please save us.Åh
Younashi Åh.........Åh
Cynthia ÅhYounashi-sama??Åh
Younashi Åh.............Åh
Cynthia ÅhPlease destroy the evil monsters with your
         divine power.Åh
Younashi Åh....Cynthia-chan.Åh
Cynthia ÅhOh, yes?Åh
Younashi ÅhYou must bear it, for this is your trial.
          This is your chance to attain enlightenment.Åh
Younashi ÅhI expect great things from you.Åh
Cynthia ÅhEh, but.. Younashi-sama!Åh
ÅhSo you canÅft count on him at a time like this, eh?
 Well, gods are all like that, arenÅft they?Åh
ÅhWhy donÅft you follow me instead of that unreliable god?
 IÅfll protect you.Åh
Cynthia ÅhOh, great Younashi-sama.
         This is a trial then.Åh
Åh.......Åh
Cynthia ÅhSo IÅfve finally been given a trial by God, how
         wonderful.Åh
Cynthia ÅhHello, Rance-san.Åh
ÅhYo.Åh
ÅhHello.Åh
Cynthia ÅhOh, youÅfve got someone with you today.Åh
Cynthia ÅhHello. IÅfm the priestess of this church,
         Cynthia.
         ItÅfs nice to meet you.Åh
ÅhOh, yes.
 IÅfm Sill Plain.
 IÅfm Rance-samaÅfs......Åh
Cynthia ÅhHm, whatÅfs wrong?Åh
ÅhIÅfm.. Rance-samaÅfs.. well...Åh
ÅhSheÅfs my slave.Åh
Cynthia ÅhI see, thatÅfs too bad.Åh
Cynthia ÅhHm.. oh!Åh
ÅhWhat is it?Åh
Cynthia ÅhYounashi-sama is descending.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhHey, hey, IÅfm the great God.
               ItÅfs Younashi-sama.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhCynthia, my faithful priestess.
               I have a mission for you.Åh
Cynthia ÅhOh, thank you very much.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhMake that pretty girl, Sill Plain, one of
               my believers.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhAll cute girls have the qualifications to
               be a believer. Got it?Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhI donÅft care about the man.
               Farewell.Åh
ÅhRance-sama, what was that..??Åh
ÅhThis townÅfs god, I guess....Åh
Cynthia ÅhIÅfve been given a mission by Younashi-sama.
         Sill-san, will you join the Younashi Faith?Åh
Åh....IÅfm sorry, I canÅft.Åh
Cynthia ÅhIf you join now, youÅfll receive a wonderful
         present.Åh
ÅhSorry, but SillÅfs already got a god.Åh
ÅhRance-sama...Åh
Cynthia ÅhI see...
         Which god would that be...?Åh
ÅhMe.Åh
Cynthia Åh??Åh
ÅhSill worships a great sex god.
 The invincible supreme god Rance-sama.Åh
ÅhRance-sama....Åh
I entered the church.
.....This is a small church.
ItÅfd burst with ten people inside it.
And.. what the heckÅfs that weird statue??
ItÅfs kind of an unpleasant statue..
My unpleasantness points are up by 50.
So IÅfm gonna destroy it.
I drew my sword and swung at the weird statue.
ÅhDeaaaah!!Åh
... ÅhKya!!Åh
Åh???Åh
ÅhEh.. a girl..??Åh
A girl appeared out of nowhere and I stiffened up, sword
still in the air.
... ÅhThis is a holy chuch.
     Please put your sword away.Åh
Åh...Sure.Åh
... ÅhYou must be the foreigner IÅfve been hearing about.
     What were you planning to do with that sword?Åh
Åh...Pray.Åh
... ÅhPray?Åh
ÅhYeah, I dunno how it is in this town, but where I come
 from, we pray with our swords in the air.Åh
... ÅhI see. I apologize.
     It seems.. I misunderstood.Åh
ÅhNo, itÅfs fine.
 Everyone makes mistakes.
 More importantly, wanna go on a date?Åh
... ÅhI absolutely cannot!
     Ahh... Younashi-sama..!
     I doubted an innocent person!Åh
... ÅhHe just had such an evil face that I thought he must
     be a criminal!
     But it was just my prejudice.. IÅfm sorry!Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhItÅfs okay, itÅfs okay. Cynthia-chan, this
               man is to blame for your sins.Åh
Cynthia ÅhThank you very much.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhWell then, fareweeeeeell..!Åh
Åh..What was that??Åh
Cynthia ÅhThat was the great Younashi-sama, who watches
         over us.
         This town is able to exist because of
         Younashi-sama.Åh
Åh....You sure about that..?Åh
Cynthia ÅhAnd IÅfm Cynthia, Younashi-samaÅfs priestess.
         IÅfm terribly sorry about earlier.Åh
ÅhWell, uhh.. itÅfs fine, I guess...Åh
Cynthia ÅhHmmmm.Åh
CynthiaÅfs staring at me.
ÅhHeh, I see youÅfve fallen for me, Cynthia-chan.Åh
Cynthia ÅhThatÅfs not it. YouÅfre the famous Rance-san from
         the surface, right?Åh
ÅhOh, youÅfve heard of me.. no, I guess itÅfs natural that
 the town would be full of rumors about me.Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes, that the person who came from the surface
         is a useless, hopeless burden who gets easily
         carried away.. *gasp*!Åh
ÅhWhat, a burden?!Åh
Cynthia ÅhAahn, Younashi-samaaa..!Åh
Cynthia ÅhIÅfm so sorry, Younashi-sama!Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhWhatÅfs wrong, Cynthia-chan?Åh
Cynthia ÅhEven though IÅfm supposed to be a servant of God,
         I accidentally told Rance-san all of the rumors
         about him!Åh
Cynthia ÅhYouÅfre supposed to keep quiet about bad
         rumors though..Åh
Cynthia ÅhAaaaah.. IÅfve wounded Rance-sanÅfs poor heart.
         Even if the rumors are true, still...Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhItÅfs okay, itÅfs okay. All of your sins are
               forgiven, Cynthia-chan.Åh
Cynthia ÅhThank you very much.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhFarewell.Åh
Åh.........Åh
Cynthia ÅhYounashi-sama has forgiven me, so please forget
         what I just said about those rumors.Åh
Åh.....How convenient.Åh
...............
ÅhHm, no oneÅfs here.Åh
No one was inside the quiet church.
ÅhRance-sama the hero of justice has come to play!
 Come out, Cynthia!Åh
................
ÅhIt doesnÅft look like sheÅfs home, Rance-sama.Åh
Åh.......Åh
ÅhNot home, huh? Well fine.. weÅfd better pick the church
 clean of valuables while sheÅfs gone then.Åh
ÅhBut then weÅfd be thieves, Rance-sama.Åh
ÅhItÅfs CynthiaÅfs fault for not being here.
 Gahahahahahahaha, if youÅfre careless, youÅfll be
 hairless!Åh
Åh???????Åh
ÅhAnyway, letÅfs ùrçı the room.Åh
Cynthia ÅhOh, Rance-san.
         Hello.Åh
ÅhOwah!Åh
Cynthia showed up out of nowhere, surprising me. Tch,
where the hell was she hiding?
ÅhI came to visit. Why the hell werenÅft you here?Åh
Cynthia ÅhYounashi-samaÅfs rebirth ceremony will be
         happening soon, so I was preparing for it.Åh
ÅhRebirth ceremony??Åh
Cynthia Åh...Oh, IÅfve said too much to someone
         unrelated...Åh
Cynthia ÅhIt doesnÅft really have anything to do with you,
         Rance-san, so please donÅft worry about it.
         More importantly, what did you need today?Åh
ÅhRebirth ceremony.... IÅfm curious.Åh
Younashi ÅhHey Cynthia-chan.
          The time is near.Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes, Younashi-sama.Åh
Younashi ÅhYouÅfve completed the preparations for my
          rebirth, I hope.Åh
Cynthia ÅhOf course, Younashi-sama.Åh
Younashi ÅhMmm, I have waited long for this day.
          Ufufufu, mufufufufu, hifufufufu.Åh
Cynthia ÅhUmm.. Younashi-sama??Åh
Younashi ÅhOh, right.
          Well then, prepare for the ceremony.
          Got it, Cynthia-chan?Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes, with pleasure, Younashi-sama.Åh
Younashi ÅhWell, IÅfll see you then...Åh
Åh.......Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs finally time. IÅfm going to be busy.
         Oh, Rance-san.Åh
ÅhHey, this ceremony...?Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes, itÅfs finally time.
         Time for me to fulfill my greatest mission.Åh
Cynthia ÅhRance-san.Åh
ÅhWhat.Åh
Cynthia ÅhIÅfd like to borrow Kiseda-san of the Youth
         League for the ceremony, so could you go get
         him for me?Åh
Åh..........Åh
Cynthia ÅhHurry, Rance-san, hurry!!
         Please go get Kiseda-san!Åh
I was pushed out of the church without even an
opportunity to respond.
Cynthia ÅhRance-san, did you get Kiseda-san for me?Åh
ÅhNope, I dunno that dude.Åh
Cynthia ÅhPlease just go get him for me.Åh
I was pushed out of the church by Cynthia.
Cynthia ÅhRance-san, whereÅfs Chief Kiseda??Åh
ÅhKisedaÅfs got terrible wounds from being trampled by a
 cow.
 DoesnÅft seem like heÅfll be able to assist in your
 ceremony.Åh
Cynthia ÅhEh? No way!Åh
ÅhBut donÅft worry.
 As he lay dying, Kiseda entrusted the ceremony to me.Åh
Cynthia Åh........Åh
ÅhSo IÅfll participate in the ceremony instead of Kiseda.
 Be grateful.Åh
Cynthia Åh....Really?Åh
ÅhOf course.Åh
Cynthia ÅhIÅfm going to go make sure at the Youth League
         Office.Åh
ÅhH- hey!Åh
My lieÅfll be exposed at this rate, shit!
But at that moment, a light shone into the church.
Younashi ÅhOHHhhhhh!!!Åh
Cynthia ÅhWhat is it, Younashi-sama?Åh
Younashi ÅhCynthia-chan, are you ready for the ceremony
          yet!?
          ThereÅfs no time, no tiiime..!Åh
Cynthia ÅhAhhh, oh no!
         Younashi-sama, the male priest needed for the
         ceremony got into an accident and....Åh
Younashi ÅhI canÅft go on... IÅfll die, IÅfll die..!
          Hurry up and perform the ceremony..!
          Cynthia-chaaan!Åh
Cynthia ÅhOh no, oh no!Åh
Younashi ÅhRight, that man!
          That manÅfs fine, isnÅft he?Åh
Younashi pointed at me cheekily.
Cynthia ÅhYou mean Rance-san? Rance-sanÅfs.. well, a
         foreigner, so...Åh
Younashi ÅhAh.. ooh.. thereÅfs no time..!
          Cynthia-chan, the ceremony!!Åh
Cynthia Åh.......I understand.Åh
Cynthia turned to me and grabbed my hand.
Cynthia ÅhPlease, Rance-san.Åh
ÅhRight.Åh
ÅhWhy donÅft you explain this ceremony then?Åh
Cynthia ÅhAlright. The rebirth ceremony happens every 30
         years, because Younashi-sama needs to be reborn
         into a new body.Åh
Cynthia ÅhYounashi-sama revives his body by entering a
         virgin girlÅfs womb.Åh
ÅhWhat, inside a virgin girl!!?Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes, so IÅfve protected my chastity until today.Åh
ÅhThatÅfs such a waste.
 IÅfll take your virginity...?Åh
Cynthia ÅhNo way.Åh
Åh....Åh
Cynthia ÅhYou need to help out with the ceremony,
         Rance-san.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhAre you ready, Cynthia-chan?Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhThen the purification ritual.Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes.Åh
Cynthia took Younashi into her hands and started licking him with her
cute tongue.
Rance ÅhYou need to get him wet so he goes in easier, eh?Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhUhyo.. uhyo.. uhyoyoyoyo!Åh
Cynthia diligently licks YounashiÅfs body.
Hrmmm, that bastard Younashi, he looks like heÅfs havinÅf a good time.
I want my hyper weapon to be licked by that tongue too.
(Lick lick)
Younashi-sama ÅhUhyo.. good, good.. uhi uhi!Åh
(Lick lick lick)
Younashi-sama ÅhHya... oh, this is great.. lick me mooore!Åh
Cynthia ÅhOh, yes, *lick* *lick*.Åh
Cynthia-chanÅfs service made Younashi wet and slippery.
I want her to make me slippery too.
Younashi-sama ÅhAlright, this should be fine.
               WeÅfre starting the ceremony.Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes.Åh
Cynthia ÅhWell then, please do it, Rance-san.Åh
With those words, Cynthia handed Younashi to me.
Rance ÅhHm??Åh
Cynthia ÅhPlease insert Younashi-sama into my vagina.Åh
Rance Åh...I canÅft put my *beep* in?Åh
Cynthia ÅhYou canÅft. It has to be Younashi-sama.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhKyahahaha, IÅfm so embarrassed!Åh
Rance ÅhWhat an unreliable god.Åh
Cynthia ÅhWell then, please go ahead.Åh
Rance ÅhRight.Åh
I used both of my hands to open her unblemished maiden gate.
Cynthia ÅhOoh..!Åh
ItÅfs a little pink slit.
ItÅfs super fresh-looking and nice, but is Younashi really gonna fit
in here? ..It might be impossible.
Cynthia ÅhYounashi-sama, please use my body.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhAlright, itÅfs time to be reborn!
               IÅfm gonna revive like a phoenix!Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhCome on, Rance.
               Put me in Cynthia-chanÅfs pussy...Åh
Rance Åh......I got it.Åh
I put Younashi in between CynthiaÅfs legs.
Cynthia ÅhAh... itÅfs finally time.Åh
Younashi skillfully grabbed CynthiaÅfs flower petals and buried his
face in her pussy.
Cynthia Åh*Gasp*......!Åh
Younashi moved around violently to try to get inside Cynthia.
Cynthia ÅhAh.. it hurts... it hurts..!Åh
CynthiaÅfs pussy was forced wide open by YounashiÅfs head piercing her
and blood flowed painfully from her slit.
Younashi-sama ÅhHaah.. haah.. haah..!Åh
Hmmm, looks like a super high-performance vibratorÅfs trying to make
its way into a girl on its own, I guess.
Cynthia ÅhAAaaaah....!Åh
Younashi moved farther and farther into Cynthia, getting covered in
her blood.
..............
..............
ÅhLooks like itÅfs over.Åh
Cynthia ÅhRance-san, thank you for your assistance.Åh
The ceremonyÅfs over.. and what an unbelievable ceremony
it was.
After that, Younashi actually went inside Cynthia, and
she started writhing in agony like sheÅfd gone insane.
That super pure-looking Cynthia started looking all sexy
in front of me, and right when I pounced without
thinking...
A shining Younashi appeared from CynthiaÅfs pussy.
Hrmm, it truly was an amazing sight.
Cynthia Åh..Rance-san, is something wrong?Åh
ÅhNah.. I was just thinking what a dirty ceremony that
 was, and when I remembered it, I got all horny...Åh
Cynthia ÅhIt wasnÅft dirty.
         It was a holy ceremony.Åh
SheÅfs got a pretty different image than Cynthia.
I canÅft really see them being twins.
ItÅfs a small church thatÅfs kept clean.
The ceilingÅfs three meters off the ground and itÅfs only
15 meters across. It doesnÅft seem like a single fat dude
could fit in here.
The bronze statues decorating the place seem to represent
something called Younashi-sama.
Anyway, I feel unpleasant when I look at them.
Even if you gave me 10,000 gold, I wouldnÅft wanna worship
a god with a face this stupid.
SheÅfs pretty cute.
She looks pure, so IÅfm sure sheÅfs a virgin.
But I guess this girl will fall prey to some violent man
in the future and have her petals scattered...
Before that, I should, hehe.. give her some love!
Alicia ÅhGive it your best, Rance-san.
        And if you have time, rescue my sister Cynthia,
        okay?Åh
ÅhIf I have time? SheÅfs your sister, isnÅft she?
 How Åfbout you worry about her a little more?Åh
Alicia ÅhBut........Åh
ÅhRance-sama, empty churches are sad, arenÅft they?Åh
ÅhEmpty? IÅfm here, arenÅft I?Åh
ÅhYouÅfre a priestess, right? Tell me how to make a ghost
 pass on.Åh
Cynthia ÅhA ghost?Åh
ÅhYeah, how to make a ghost go to heaven.
 A dead person, whoÅfs still wandering the earth Åfcause
 theyÅfre stupid. How do I make Åfem move on?Åh
Cynthia ÅhI understand.
         ThereÅfs a very simple method.Åh
ÅhOh? Good.
 Simple is good.Åh
Cynthia ÅhWhatÅfs the state of the ghostÅfs body?Åh
ÅhBody?Åh
Cynthia ÅhIts remains. How are they?Åh
ÅhI dunno, havenÅft seen Åfem.
 How could I know?Åh
Cynthia ÅhWell this is a problem. ItÅfs impossible then.
         I need to at least know the bodyÅfs condition..Åh
Åh.....Tch.Åh
ÅhHey, Cynthia.Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes?Åh
ÅhTell me how to make a ghost pass on.
 YouÅfre a priestess, so youÅfve gotta know at least that
 much, right?Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes, itÅfs part of the great Younashi-samaÅfs
         teachings, after all.Åh
ÅhLetÅfs not talk about whether or not YounashiÅfs great and
 just focus on the ghost stuff.Åh
Cynthia ÅhYounashi-sama is great.
         That at least is certain truth.Åh
Åh.......Åh
Cynthia ÅhYounashi-sama is great.Åh
ÅhI got it, I got it.
 HeÅfs great, heÅfs great, thatÅfs fine.. so tell me how to
 make a ghost pass on.Åh
Cynthia ÅhAlright.
         How were the ghostÅfs remains?Åh
ÅhThin, crumbling bones.Åh
Cynthia ÅhI see.
         Then please use this holy water.
         The ghost should pass on immediately after
         sprinkling the holy water onto its body.Åh
ÅhHole-y water... How lewd.Åh
Cynthia ÅhHOLY water.Åh
I received holy water in a small bottle from Cynthia.
ÅhSo this is holy water.Åh
I opened the bottle and sniffed.
(Sniff sniff sniff)
Åh...It doesnÅft smell like ammonia.Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs holy water, so of course it doesnÅft smell
         like ammonia.Åh
ÅhHmmm, I thought holy waterÅfd be like golden water from
 Cynthia-chan...Åh
Cynthia ÅhGolden water?
         WhatÅfs that??Åh
ÅhHe means your pee.Åh
Cynthia Åh....YouÅfre wrong.
         Please donÅft say such strange, impure things.Åh
ÅhHmm, so then what is holy water?
 Are you just lying about it and itÅfs really just normal
 water?Åh
Cynthia ÅhHow rude. Wrong again.
         This is juice squeezed from Younashi-sama.Åh
ÅhJuice squeezed from Younashi...Åh
Cynthia ÅhThatÅfs right, and it tastes like Younashi-sama,
         like it should.
         ItÅfs holy water, so it should work wonderfully.Åh
Cynthia ÅhPlease hurry up and sprinkle the holy water on
         the ghostÅfs corpse.Åh
ÅhCorpse.. DonÅft make it sound so gross.
 ArenÅft there nicer ways to say it, like body or remains
 or something?Åh
Cynthia ÅhTheyÅfre all the same thing.Åh
Cynthia ÅhYounashi-sama, the great fruit god, is
         worshipped at this church.Åh
Cynthia ÅhWould you like to join, Rance-sama?Åh
ÅhDo I get something good if I do?Åh
Cynthia ÅhYou get divine favor.Åh
ÅhGimme something concrete here.Åh
Cynthia ÅhYou mustnÅft seek concrete rewards from God.Åh
Cynthia ÅhIf you believe in Younashi-sama and do good
         things, one day something good is sure to happen
         to you.Åh
ÅhI canÅft waste time taking such an expensive gamble with
 such uncertain factors like that.Åh
Cynthia ÅhWhat a pitiful person.Åh
Cynthia ÅhYouÅfre an adventurer, right, Rance-san?Åh
ÅhRight.Åh
Cynthia ÅhCan I ask you for a favor?
         ItÅfs just a simple request.Åh
ÅhWell, itÅfll depend on what it is.Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs just a trifling favor, really.
         IÅfd like you to save my twin sister Alicia.Åh
Åh.....Åh
Cynthia ÅhThe day before yesterday, a group with an
         armored warrior IÅfd never seen before appeared
         and kidnapped my sister.
         So you know, IÅfm worried about her, I guess...Åh
ÅhYou guess..? IsnÅft that a big deal?
 SheÅfs your sister, isnÅft she?Åh
Cynthia ÅhI suppose. Well.. sheÅfs my sister, so...
         If possible, IÅfd like you to save her.Åh
ÅhIs this Alicia a beauty?Åh
Cynthia ÅhRelatively, I suppose, though not as much as
         me.Åh
Åh.........Åh
ÅhWell, whatever.
 IÅfll save Alicia, but IÅfll need a reward...Åh
Cynthia ÅhYes, my sister AliciaÅfs body.
         Please use her for a night or two, whatever
         youÅfd like.Åh
ÅhHeh?Åh
Cynthia ÅhWell then, IÅfll leave it to you.Åh
....Hmmm, this just doesnÅft seem real.
ÅhWhatÅfs YounashiÅfs rebirth ceremony?Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs a secret.Åh
ÅhIÅfm curious, so tell me.
 IÅfll set fire to the church if you donÅft tell me.Åh
Cynthia ÅhArson would be a problem.
         IÅfll just tell you a little...Åh
ÅhOkay, okay?Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs a religious ceremony.
         IÅfll tell you the rest if you join the Younashi
         Faith.Åh
Åh.........Åh
ÅhDo you know a girl named Purple?Åh
Cynthia ÅhPurple?
         Purple... Was that her full name?Åh
ÅhMaybe?Åh
Cynthia ÅhI thought she was sacrificed to Okayu-sama
         downstairs and died three years ago...Åh
ÅhNope, I saved her.Åh
Cynthia ÅhDid you come here to brag about it?Åh
ÅhNo. The girl came to my room at night and was really
 super lewd, so...Åh
Cynthia ÅhThat canÅft be true.Åh
ÅhWhy do you say that?Åh
Cynthia ÅhWell, Purple was the shyest person in town.Åh
ÅhShe sure didnÅft seem that way...Åh
Cynthia ÅhI wonder if itÅfs... Okayu Poison?Åh
ÅhWhat the heckÅfs Okayu Poison?Åh
Cynthia ÅhOkayu Poison is a powerful aphrodisiac secreted
         from the hands of an Okayu Fever.Åh
Cynthia ÅhAll it does to Gal Monsters is stimulate their
         reproductive instincts, but....Åh
Cynthia ÅhTo human girls itÅfs an extremely powerful
         aphrodisiac that canÅft be cured by any
         antidote..Åh
Cynthia ÅhSave for one...Åh
ÅhWhat is it?
 Where is it?
 How do I get it?Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs an antidote called [Fever Breaker].Åh
Cynthia ÅhIts location wasnÅft listed in the book I read.
         But....Åh
Cynthia ÅhIt did say that an Okayu Fever might be holding
         onto some..Åh
ÅhGot any good information?
 Churches hear a lot of interesting rumors, right?Åh
Cynthia ÅhLately Rance-san and Sill-san have been the talk
         of the town.
         ItÅfs the first time weÅfve ever seen anyone from
         the outside, after all.Åh
ÅhI see, nothing but rumors about me, eh?
 Well.. I am beautiful, after all...Åh
Cynthia Åh...........Åh
Cynthia ÅhThis isnÅft a weather forecast center, you know.Åh
ÅhYounashi-samaÅfs gotta know the weather though, right?Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs out of Younashi-samaÅfs field of expertise.Åh
ÅhI found Alicia inside the tower.
 I couldnÅft save her though.Åh
Cynthia ÅhI see.. inside the tower...Åh
ÅhIf youÅfre willing to thank me for it, I might be willing
 to save her.Åh
Cynthia Åh..I canÅft, thank you, but..
         if possible, please save her.Åh
Åh..........Åh
Cynthia ÅhJust if possible.Åh
Cynthia ÅhMy sister Alicia wasnÅft a very serious person.
         She didnÅft really pray to Younashi-sama, and she
         wasnÅft a very good sister.Åh
Cynthia ÅhI suppose she must have deserved getting
         kidnapped by that mysterious group.
         It might even be divine punishment.Åh
ÅhShe was that bad, huh? Alicia...Åh
Cynthia ÅhShe was a bad sister, the complete opposite of
         me.Åh
Alicia ÅhI donÅft have a God Barrier, so I can be assaulted
        at any time.
        Go ahead.Åh
ÅhIf you tell me to like that.. itÅfs hard for me to
 actually do it, you know.Åh
The church is quiet. Besides us, no oneÅfs here.
I wanna assault Cynthia, but.. as long as sheÅfs got that
God Barrier, I canÅft lay a hand on her... this is a
problem.
IÅfve got to destroy her God Barrier before my lust
builds up and explodes since itÅfs got nowhere to go
anymore.
(Steam steam)
(Steam steam steam steam)
Cynthia-chan looks like sheÅfs ignorant to all of the
evils in the world... IÅfm getting turned on.
Daaaah.. I canÅft take it anymore!
IÅfll listen to my lust and rape her!
Cynthia ÅhWhat is it, Rance-san?Åh
Åh.........Åh
Cynthia ÅhYour eyes are bloodshot.Åh
Åh....This is your fault, Cynthia.
 You tempted me.Åh
Cynthia ÅhTempted.. what do you mean?Åh
ÅhAnyway, IÅfm horny!
 Just let me do you!!Åh
I assaulted her, baring my lust.
Cynthia ÅhKyaaaaa!Åh
ÅhGahahahahahaha, donÅft worry, it wonÅft hurt!
 LetÅfs have some fun!Åh
When I grabbed both of her hands and pushed her down, a
powerful shockwave assaulted me and blew me away.
Cynthia ÅhGod Barrieeeeeeer!!Åh
ÅhWh- whatÅfs that?
 A barrier?Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs impossible to do anything improper to me
         inside this church.Åh
Åh......Åh
Cynthia ÅhAs long as I have the God Barrier Younashi-sama
         gave me after praying to him 10,000 times, I
         donÅft think anyone will be able to do anything
         to me.Åh
ÅhGod Barrier..?Åh
Cynthia ÅhThank you so much, Younashi-sama!Åh
Cynthia ÅhI was able to protect myself from a wild beast
         with the God Barrier I received from you!Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhGood, good.
               It wouldnÅft do for my precious
               Cynthia-chanÅfs chastity to be taken by a
               wild beast, now would it?Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs thanks to Younashi-samaÅfs divine
         protection.Åh
Younashi-sama ÅhOkay, okay. Be sure to take good care of
               your chastity.
               Farewell.Åh
Cynthia ÅhRance-san, I am under GodÅfs divine protection.
         Please cast aside your improper thoughts and
         repent.Åh
Åh.....Too bad.Åh
I canÅft buy anything since CynthiaÅfs not around.
Cynthia ÅhWe sell goods for believers at this church.
         You should purchase some for the next life.Åh
Cynthia ÅhOne 
, yes?
         ItÅfll be 
 gold.
         Would you like to buy it?
Cynthia ÅhThatÅfs too bad.Åh
Cynthia Åh....You donÅft have enough money.Åh
ÅhYouÅfre a church of God, arenÅft you? Giving the needy a
 fucking discount is reasonable, isnÅft it?
 Take a loss.Åh
Cynthia ÅhRance-san, if not being able to buy this now
         would negatively affect your livelihood, I would
         think about it, but you donÅft seem to be
         particularly destitute, so it just wouldnÅft do
         to give you freebies.Åh
Åh....Tch.Åh
Bought 
.
Cynthia ÅhThank you very much.
         IÅfll pray for your happiness.Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs a wonderful doll created in Younashi-samaÅfs
         image.
         Please display it in your household shrine.Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs a talisman with the divine power to forgive
         your sins.
         With this, even the most evil person can go to
         heaven!Åh
Cynthia Åh...........
         Umm, itÅfs a mystery item.Åh
Cynthia ÅhItÅfs a jar that will bring you happiness.
         Please, take one for your glorious future.Åh
Alright, letÅfs just go underground.
Move where?
ÅhI heard heavenÅfs like a harem full of beautiful girls,
 so how do I get there?Åh
Cynthia ÅhPlease use this knife.Åh
Cynthia ÅhJust point this knife at your neck and push
         really hard.Åh
ÅhI see, take this cleanly sharpened knife and put it to
 my throat.... like IÅfd do that!!Åh
ÅhDonÅft fuck with me!!Åh
Cynthia ÅhFufufu...Åh
ÅhNow, lead me there.Åh
Cynthia ÅhHuh?
         Where???Åh
ÅhHahahaha, you donÅft have to be embarrassed.
 Hurry up and lead me to your bedroom.Åh
Cynthia ÅhWhy exactly do I have to lead you to my
         bedroom?Åh
ÅhWell thatÅfs obvious, isnÅft it?
 WeÅfre going to have hardcore sex there.Åh
Cynthia ÅhPlease donÅft joke like that.Åh
ÅhI was serious though..
 LetÅfs go to your bedroom.Åh
Cynthia ÅhNo.Åh
Cynthia was too embarrassed and wouldnÅft lead me to her
bedroom.
Alicia ÅhDo your best, Rance-san.Åh
ÅhRight.Åh
Alicia ÅhOh yeah, and also, if youÅfre free, go ahead and
        save my sister, okay?Åh
ÅhCynthia, right? Leave it to me.Åh
We descended the stairs to the underground.
Cynthia ÅhPlease be careful.Åh
ÅhGahahahahaha, those words donÅft mean anything to me!Åh
We descended the stairs to the underground.
ÅhCynthia-chan, could you lead us to the secret entrance
 to the underground?Åh
Cynthia ÅhThe entrance to the underground.. huh..?
         What do you mean?Åh
Cynthia ÅhI donÅft know anything about that.Åh
ÅhHmm, hmm, hmm, hmm?
 IsnÅft it bad for a priestess of God to lie?Åh
Cynthia ÅhBut.. itÅfs dangerous.
         No one should go down there.Åh
ÅhDonÅft worry.
 Just be quiet and lead me there.
 ThatÅfs your job as a priestess.Åh
Cynthia ÅhI understand.Åh
Cynthia removed one of the panels from the floor and a
setÅ@of stairs leading down appeared.
ÅhRance-sama, this is the entrance to the underground.Åh
ÅhHrm, here, eh?Åh
Cynthia ÅhThere are a lot of monsters under here, so it
         isnÅft used unless we need to deliver a
         sacrifice.Åh
Cynthia ÅhRance-san, itÅfs seriously dangerous.
         DonÅft you think you should reconsider?Åh
ÅhDonÅft think IÅfm the same as those Youth League losers.
 IÅfll exterminate all the monsters.Åh
ÅhLetÅfs go, Sill.Åh
ÅhYes, Rance-sama!Åh
Cynthia ÅhIÅfll pray that you have Younashi-samaÅfs
         protection, Rance-san.Åh
ÅhI donÅft need the protection of a stupid god like that.Åh
I took Sill and headed down the stairs.
Alright, IÅfm leaving the church.
