hYo, how ya doinf?h
hOh, —–z-san.
 Wefve prepared what you requested.h
hWhat I requested??h
hA nice, young girl, ya know?
 I want one too, ya know.h
hOhh, right.
 Alright, well done.h
hWell then, wefll send her to your room tonight, yes?h
hGahahahahahaha, good.h
hAhh.....h
I entered the dirty Youth League Office.
h—–z-san, right?
 Here, please sign this.h
Kiseda handed me one sheet of paper.
hWhat the heckfs this?h
hItfs an admission form for the Youth League.
 Wefll have to have you join if youfll be living in town,
 after all.h
hNo way, I refuse.
 Ifd have to listen to you if I joined, right?h
hI suppose you would.h
hThen no.
 I donft accept orders from anybody.h
I entered the Youth League Office.
hHello, —–z-san.h
hHrm, you seem to be working quite energetically.h
hWe are, ya know.h
hGot any interesting information, Kiseda?h
hAny women who want me to fuck fem, or any love letters
 addressed to me youfre holding on to?h
hNot really, no.h
hTch.h
hI heard you defeated the Okayu Fever, —–z-san.
 Congratulations.h
hThatfs amazing, ya know.
 I thought you could, ya know.h
hGahahahahahahaha, of course.
 Itfd be a problem if you thought I was on the same level
 as puny fighters like you.h
hI see warriors from the surface are different.
 Youfre like a savior to us, —–z-san.h
Seems the Youth League respects me.
Well, thatfs a good thing.
hYo.
 Gentlemen of the Youth League, are you faring well?h
hUmm.. Hello.h
hOh, —–z-san? Hello.h
h..Oh? Arenft you the beauty who was at Auntie Freonfs
 shop?h
hBeauty?? Kya.. —–z-sama.. he said fbeautyf!h
hDonft get so excited, loser.h
hWhy are you with.. —–z-san?
 Are you together?h
hNo, Šó˜Ifs my slave.
 Ifll kill you if you make a move on her, so remember
 that.h
hSlave.. This beautiful, cute girl..?h
hHow sad, ya know.h
Fufufufu, looks like everyonefs fallen for my slave,
Šó˜I. I bet the idiots are jealous of me.
h—–z-sama, why donft we use the letter of introduction
 we received from Ms. Freon?h
hRight, the shitty hagfs letter..
 Well, I guess so.h
I showed the hag Freonfs letter to Kiseda.
hEh? Auntie Freon entrusted you with a letter?h
hThen please allow me to read it.h
Kiseda read Freonfs letter intently.
h.....Letfs see here...h
h—–z-san, you.. managed to beat Auntie Freon?h
hOf course I did. How could I lose to a hag like her?h
hThatfs amazing.. I canft believe it.h
hAuntie Freonfs the strongest person in town.
 So if you managed to defeat her...h
hThat means Ifm the strongest in town.h
hThatfs amazing, —–z-sama! *Clap* *clap*!h
hWell, itfs only natural.
 Ifm the strongest in the world, after all.h
hUnderstood. Itfs the way of the world that the strong
 rule over the weak.
 I will relinquish the Youth League Chief seat to you,
 —–z-san.h
h...Hmph, sounds like too much work.
 I donft wanna be the leader of the Youth League.h
h......h
hKiseda, you keep being Chief.
 Just listen to my orders, alright?h
hUnderstood, —–z-san.h
I donft really get it, but it seems like my social
standing in this town has shot up just fcause I beat that
hag, Freon.
hThatfs good, —–z-sama.h
I ignored Šó˜Ifs words and turned to Kiseda.
hBy the way, Kiseda.h
hYes?h
hI just ran into this Mai chick in town and she told me
 about some fsacrificef shit. Whatfs that about?h
hI see. So youfve met Mai.
 She just doesnft know when to give up.h
hMai-chanfs not good at accepting defeat, ya know.h
hHey, I told you to explain this sacrifice shit.h
hRight.h
hThis town must offer up a sacrifice to Okayu-sama once
 every three years.
 Of course, we resisted at first, but....h
hYou ended up worse for it, huh.h
hYes, if we donft offer a sacrifice, more people will
 die.
 We canft do anything but obey.. and offer a sacrifice.h
hHefs right, ya know.
 Itfs sad, ya know.h
hAlright, I got it.
 Itfs impossible for wimps like you.
 Ifll exterminate the monster for you.h
hEh..? Please wait, —–z-san!
 Please donft do that!h
hWhat?h
hIf you donft succeed, many people will....h
hItfs fine. Ifm invincible, after all.h
hItfs impossible, no matter how strong you are!
 If we just continue giving him sacrifices, then..
 everything will work out.h
hNo way. Itfs such a waste giving a girl like Mai to a
 monster.h
hIfll be taking her instead.
 Hihihihihihi..!h
hBut —–z-san.. then, the town..!h
hHey, Kiseda? What is this?
 Are you saying Ifll lose to this monster?h
hNo.. thatfs not what I...h
hOf course it isnft. Ifm the strongest, after all.
 Just believe in me, got it?h
h......h
hWhy donft you tell me where this monster is then.h
h....Okayu-sama lives in the dungeons underneath this
 town.h
hOh..?
 And wherefs the entrance to this underground?
 I didnft see anything like that.h
hThe entrance was the starting point for our ancestorsf
 explorations. Itfs now sealed at all times except when
 delivering sacrifices to Okayu-sama.h
hSo itfs hidden then.
 Where?h
h....Inside the church.h
h—–z-san, maybe you really should...h
hStop.h
hSo therefs an underground entrance in the church, huh..
 I see.
 This has gotten pretty interesting.h
hBut —–z-san.
 Wefll make sure wefre ready to deliver Mai quickly when
 youfve failed to exterminate Okayu-sama. Thatfs fine,
 isnft it?h
hTherefs absolutely no chance of that happening, but do
 whatever you want.h
(Slam)
I opened the door gallantly.
Inside, a few warriors were lounging around.
They all looked young and weak.
Hmph, nothing but trash.
The tallest among them approached me.
hSo youfre —–z-san.h
hThatfs right.h
hIfm Kiseda Espira, the Chief of the Youth League.h
hYoufre the first visitor to our town in 30 years,
 —–z-san. Welcome.h
The man started speaking courteously.
hFine, Ifll accept your warm welcome.h
hBy the way, you said I was the first visitor in 30
 years, but.. even though this is the country, is it
 really so dead that no onefs come through in 30 years?h
hWell, there probably arenft many whofd go out of their
 way to come back here after seeing that shitty old hag
 at the diner, so that might be why....h
hSo are we really the first in 30 years?h
hI mean exactly what I said. —–z-san, youfre the first
 foreigner to come to town in 30 years.
 Though to me, youfre the first person Ifve ever seen who
 isnft from this town.h
hItfs a filthy town, so I understand why no one would
 wanna visit.h
hNo, thatfs not it.h
hThen it really is that hag at the dinerfs...h
hIt isnft that either.
 Itfs not that no one comes to the town.. Rather, itfs
 that no one is able to come.. No one can get here.h
hHm??h
hWhat the hell are you saying?
 I donft understand what the fuck youfre talking about.h
hPlease tell me, —–z-san.
 How did you get to this town??h
hPlease tell me how you came here.
 A magic passageway? A flying ship?h
hWait a second.. what do you mean?
 You mean you canft come to or leave this town?h
hChief... maybe.. ya know.h
A fat guy went up to Kiseda and whispered in his ear,
eyeing me suspiciously.
h...Therefs no way...h
hWill you tell me what the fuck youfre goinf on about
 already?h
h...—–z-san, could it be that you donft know where this
 is?h
hI dunno, some kinda frontier country town.
 I got sent here by the God of Light, so I dunno where it
 is.h
hYou were sent here...
 So you didnft intend to come here..?h
hOf course not. Ifm gettinf out of this backwater hell
 hole as soon as I can.h
h...........h
h.............h
hAhahahaha.. Hahahaha.. Hahahaha.h
hChief...h
hAh.. how disappointing.
 We canft leave this town after all.h
hAh... So he was just a boring foreigner.. ya know.h
hDaaaaaaaaah, stop leaving me out of your conversation!
 What the fuckfs going on!!?h
h—–z-san, you came here by chance.
 But you wonft be able to leave, Ifm afraid.
 Youfll have to live here with us.h
hWhy?h
h.........
 Hey, Kaone, explain.h
hThis town is built on the surface of a Toushin Toshi
 floating 2,500 meters in the sky, ya know.h
hYoufre unlucky. You wonft be able to return to the
 surface ever again, ya know.h
hWhat, but thatfs..!h
hThatfs why no one ever comes..
 and why no one can leave.h
h.........h
hAnd thatfs why youfre our first visitor in 30 years.h
h.......h
hI had hoped for a brief moment that wefd be able to
 return to the surface the same way you came, but....
 I guess we canft.h
Seems like Šó˜I and I got sent to a floating continent by
the God of Lightfs prank.
hMan, this place is nasty.
 Clean the fuck up.h
hI suppose it is pretty dirty.
 Hey, Kaone.h
hYeah, ya know?h
hWhofs on cleaning duty this week?h
hItfs me, ya know.
 But I donft like cleaning, ya know.h
Itfs a smelly room a few guys are hanging out in.
Hefs a gangly, sick-looking guy.
This Youth League must all be trash if this weakling is
their leader.
Hefs a fat guy.
Hefll be a virgin his whole life for sure.
Therefre no girls whofd wanna be fucked by a guy like
this.
Phew.. I pity him.
The longer I look, the funnier his face looks.
*Staare*.....
hIs there something on my face, ya know?h
hPhew....h
hWhat is it, ya know?h
hUg-ly lo-ser.h
hTh... thatfs mean, ya know.h
hYou must be happy to have such a beautiful partner as
 Šó˜I-san, —–z-san.h
hIfm jealous, ya know.h
hDumbass, shefs not my partner!
 Shefs my slave, my slave!h
hSince shefs my slave, I can do stuff like THIS anytime I
 want!h
hKya!h
I embraced Šó˜I and gave her an intense kiss in front of
Kiseda and the others, groping her breasts from above her
clothes.
hAaaah.. —–z-samaaa, stop..!h
hFufufu, howfs that?
 You jealous?h
h..........h
The gazes of envy and jealousy from Kiseda and the others
fill up my self-esteem gauge.
This is a great feeling.
hMan, itfs hot.. Do you not even have an air
 conditioner in here?h
hAn air conditioner..?
 Whatfs that??h
hHey now, you canft seriously be telling me you donft
 know what an air conditioner is.
 You guys are truly hopeless.h
hAn air conditioner is a magic device.
 If you have one, cool winds blow through your house even
 in summer. Theyfre super pleasant.h
hI donft really.. understand, but that sounds nice.h
hOf course theyfre nice.h
h—–z-san, whatfs the surface world like?h
hThe surface??h
hYes. We were born and raised in this town, so..
 we want to know about the surface.h
hHm, is this like country folk admiring life in the big
 city?
 Well, I guess Ifll tell you about surface cities, being
 a Surface Researcher myself.h
hPlease.h
hFirst of all, a wonderful age of culture is flourishing
 on the surface, and everyone lives comfortably without
 having to work.h
hWow.. thatfs amazing!h
hHm, isnft it?
 Also, therefs amazing cuisine all over the place that
 just melts on your tongue. The food in this townfs like
 Hanny feed in comparison.h
h...Thatfs amazing, ya know.h
hAlso, you can always have a fun time with busty
 beauties.
 They do all sorts of things to service you.h
hOhh.. that sounds awesome!h
hGahahahahahaha, I bet youfre jealous!h
....Well, there were a few(?) lies mixed in, but Ifll let
these idiots dream a little.
Oh right, Cynthia wanted Kiseda for something.
But, wait... Cynthia said she needed Kiseda for the
ceremony, so I should call him.
That means shefll let Kiseda participate in the ceremony.
....Whatfs this ceremony??
I smell something dirty about it... I wanna participate.
I should be able to participate as his replacement if
hefs like, badly injured... what should I do?
Right, Ifll do it instead.
Ifll make it so that Kiseda got trampled by a cow and
hefs heavily injured.
hAlright, Ifve decided.h
hUmm, just what have you decided, —–z-san??h
hYa know?h
hShut up, itfs got nothing to do with you after your
 accident.h
hAccident?????????h
hFufufufufufufufu.h
Alright, letfs head to the church.
hIfm a nice guy, so Ifll tell you whatever you want to
 know.
 What would you like to ask?h
hIf itfs something I know about, Ifll gladly tell you
 about it.h
hItfs the country of our ancestors.
 I hear it was a beautiful country known for its
 prosperity on the surface.h
hIfd like to go to Dallas, ya know.h
h—–z-san, please donft do anything like that again.
 Alright?h
hWhat are you talking about?h
hThat sexual assault incident.
 It was difficult to hush it up.h
hWe made love as per a prior agreement.
 Donft make it sound so bad.h
h..............h
hAnyway, please donft do it again.h
hFine. Then gimme another woman.
 A nice, fresh virgin.
 It has to be a young, innocent one.h
hBut thatfs impossible!h
hOh? Thatfs too bad.
 Ifll have to make some new arrangements....h
hOh, oh, I get it.
 I get it, so please give me a little time.h
hAlright, as long as you understand.h
hYou got that girl for me yet?h
hWe canft make these arrangements that easily.
 Please wait a little longer.h
hYa know.h
hWe donft have to give sacrifices anymore, since you
 defeated the Okayu Fever, —–z-san.h
hItfs nice, ya know.h
hWe delivered the sacrifice to Okayu-sama three years
 ago.h
hIt was hard, ya know.h
hWe have to give him another sacrifice this year.
 A girl named Mai will have to give herself...h
hItfs hard, ya know.h
hWell, rest easy now that Ifm here.
 Youfre done with that sacrifice shit.h
hLetfs do our best, —–z-sama!h
hYeah, Ifm gonna destroy any monster that demands
 sacrifices.
 And maybe Ifll demand my own after that...h
h—–z-samaaa....!h
hGahahahahahahahaha!h
hCassado was founded by the surviving members of a group
 of explorers from 200 years ago who couldnft return to
 where they had come from.h
hIfm kinda impressed they managed to make a town like
 this.h
hWell, it is the accumulation of 200 years and six
 generations....h
hI hear the houses were made of just straw and wood in
 the beginning.h
hWell, you should probably get to know this town, now
 that you canft go home.h
hThis town is called Cassado.h
hI know that much.
 Why the hell are you guys living in a place like this
 anyway.. were you sent here after doing something bad?h
hWefre the descendants of an exploration team from the
 country of Dallas.h
hExploration team??h
hYes, they came to explore this Toushin Toshi.
 Recklessly, I suppose.h
hDallas was a small country in between giants like Helman
 and Leazas. It was betting its future on obtaining the
 ultimate legendary weapon, the Toushin Toshi in the
 sky.h
hAn elite team of 87 traveled to the Toushin Toshi using
 the transport device at the ruins of Saioma.
 They were only traveling to their death though.h
hThe explorers came to this floating city.. later, they
 found out it was a Toushin Toshi, and investigated as
 best as they could.h
hAnd everyone was overjoyed that theyfd managed to find
 these ruins of a highly advanced ancient civilization.
 But...h
hA large number of unexpectedly powerful monsters were
 living on this Toushin Toshi.
 The monsters attacked the exploration team.h
hThe exploration team was composed of the finest
 warriors, but after however many battles with the
 monsters, they started sustaining casualties.h
hWhen the exploration team was reduced to half of its
 original number, its leader resolved himself to
 retreating.. but even the escape transport device had
 been destroyed by the monsters...h
hThe survivors waited for help to come.. and decided to
 live here.. And thatfs Cassado.h
hHmm, so youfre descendants of those losers, eh?h
h...Ifm not too happy about your wording, but thatfs
 correct.h
hThe Youth League is an organization composed of the
 townfs young men.
 We do most of the management of the town.h
hAlright, youfll be working for me from now on.h
h—–z-san, the Youth Leaguefs job is management of...h
hShut it.h
hThe Youth League is an organization composed of the
 townfs young men.
 We do most of the management of the town.h
hWhat do you think about joining the Youth League,
 —–z-san?h
hI guess I could be the leader.h
hIfm the leader of the Youth League.h
hThis town is organized around its young people.
 So this Youth League is like the center of the town.h
hThis Youth League manages all goings-on in the town.h
h—–z-san, if youfre going to be living in this town,
 youfre going to have to obey the Youth League.h
hNo way.h
hPlease donft say that.. those are the rules.h
hItfs a continent floating in the sky, ya know.
 We donft know who made it though, ya know.h
Apparently itfs the thing we call Ylapu on the surface.
hThis continent is a Toushin Toshi, ya know.
 A long time ago, people were exploring it to see if it
 was a weapon, but thatfs got nothing to do with us, ya
 know.h
hThere are also a total of five towers on this continent,
 ya know.h
hThe only tower we can enter is the ¼”V“ƒ, ya know.
 But nobody does anymore, since there are monsters in
 it.. ya know.h
hEvery few years, some fool will play hero and try to
 explore the inside of the tower, but no onefs ever
 accomplished anything... ya know.h
hIf you value your life, you shouldnft do anything stupid
 like that, ya know.
 If you just give up and live here, youfll find that life
 in this town isnft all that terrible, ya know.h
hHey, Kiseda.
 Get some money together, fkay?h
h—–z-san, the Youth League has expended its budget for
 the day, so therefs no money left.h
hTch, youfd better be telling the truth.h
hItfs true. Our safe is empty.
 We donft have any money, but we have Kaone...h
hIfm Kaone, ya know.h
hYou tryinf to make fun af me, you punks!!?h
hHee...!h
hIfm scared, ya know.h
hHey, gimme some cash.
 Wefll make it my allowance.h
hMoney? We couldnft..h
hWhat was that!? You tryinf to say youfve got nothinf for
 me!!?h
hIfm the strongest person in this town, meaning Ifm on
 top.
 I see, so you donft care what happens to the town.h
hAhh, I get it, I get it.
 Kaone, give him the Youth Leaguefs budget for today.h
hThe Youth Leaguefs budget? Is that okay?
 These are the taxes the people of the town paid, ya.. ya
 know.h
hItfs fine. Hurry up and do it.h
I received 200 gold from Kiseda.
hRight, good.
 Itfd be safer for you to do as I say.h
I donft really feel like doing anything now.
Ifll save it for later.
hWell then, what should I buy?h
hThis isnft a shop, ya know.h
hWefre not selling anything, ya know.h
..I should probably hear some more information.
It wonft be too late to leave after that.
hWell, see ya.h
I left the Youth League Office.
