I rushed over to where Kanami had fallen.
hHey, Kanami!
 Hey hey hey!h
h......Ra.. Rance.. Is that you?h
hYep, itfs your beloved prince!
 Gahahahahahahaha!h
hStupid.... ugh..!h
Kanami spoke powerlessly to me, looking considerably
fatigued.
hRance-sama, Kanami-san looks pretty tired.
 Maybe we should return to town.h
hGuess so.h
I lifted Kanami from the ground and used a Return Bonsai
to return to town.
 EEEEReturnEEEEEE!
hLetfs go to Ms. Freonfs place.h
.....Trouble..trouble......
..Trouble....trouble.......
hIsnft it great that Kanami-sanfs okay, Rance-sama?h
After handing the exhausted Kanami over to the hag Freon,
we were able to relax a little.
hMaria and Shizuka and Leila are next then.
 We should be able to find them pretty quickly.h
hYes.h
hShould we leave right now then, Rance-sama?h
h....I guess, no.. wait.
 Come to think of it, whatfs Kanami doing now?h
hKanami-san?h
hKanami-san said she had to detach the Puryo that were
 stuck to her and went to the bath.h
hThe bath.. by herself??h
hOf course.
 Baths are something you take by yourself...h
hHeheheh...!h
hRance-sama..??h
hRance-sama, where are you going?h
I hurried out of the room and headed to the bath.
(Rattle rattle rattle)
I vigorously opened the door to the bath.
Kanami hKya... Rance!!
        What do you want?h
Rance hYoufre detaching those Puryo, right?
       Ifll help you out!h
Kanami hGet out!
        I can do it by myself!h
Rance hNo way, itfs impossible for an amateur!
       Ifll do it for you, since Ifm a fifth degree black belt
       Puryo Detacher!h
Kanami h...What the hell are you talking about?
        !! Kyaaaaa, what are you doing!?h
I stepped into the bath and started removing my clothes.
Kanami hWhat are you trying to do!?h
Rance hWhat do you mean? Youfre not supposed to wear clothes in the
       bath, right?h
I slid my pants off.
My wonderful dick appears as if saying hHello there!h.
Kanami hEee.. you pervert!!h
When I was completely naked, I put my hands on my hips and started
shaking my hips, showing Kanami my *beeeep*, to which she covered her
eyes embarrassedly.
Rance hWhat are you doing? Ifm trying to show you my *beeeeeep*
       here.h
Rance hYou have no manners, wearing your clothes in the bath like
       that, you know.h
Kanami hWhat do you care, you pervert?
        Hurry up and get out!h
Rance hShut up, and take your clothes off in the bath!
       Argh, too slow! Ifll do it for you!h
I jumped on Kanami and tore her clothes apart.
(Rip rip rip)
Kanami hAaahn, you creeeep!!h
Rance hGahahahahaha, wefre just this close!
       Wefve got a naked sort of relationship.h
Kanami hI donft want to have a naked relationship with you!
        Donft say stuff like that!h
Bits and pieces of Puryo were clinging to Kanamifs fair skin.
Rance hJust calm down.
       Youfll die if we donft get these Puryo off.h
Kanami h......h
Rance hJust leave it to me.
       I wonft do anything bad.h
Maybe Kanami gave up, as she got a little quieter.
I took the opportunity to start removing the Puryo.
Rance hFirst Ifve gotta wipe all the Puryo off.h
I touched Kanami all over as if petting her.
Kanami hHey, stop it!h
Ignoring Kanamifs protests, I grabbed both of Kanamifs breasts and
shook them.
Kanami hAh.. Thatfs enough, stop!h
Rance hDid your boobs get bigger, Kanami?
       Youfre not having a secret affair with someone behind my back,
       are you?h
Kanami hOf course Ifm not.h
Rance hHmm? Then these boobs must be a Puryo side effect.
       Theyfre way too big to be your flat chest.h
Kanami hWhose chest is fla.. ah!h
I squeezed Kanamifs boobs and attacked their protruding tips with my
thumbs, causing Kanami to let out a slightly sexy voice.
Rance hOhh? Youfre getting turned on even though Ifm working so hard
       to get these Puryo off??
       How lewd of you.h
Kanami hYoufre wrong, just stop already!
        Ifll do it myself, so get away from me!h
Rance hNo.h
I wiped, groped, and touched Kanamifs body passionately.
My hands overrun Kanamifs smooth, plump skin as they please.
Rance hMmm, what great skin.
       Ifll give you 100 points.h
Kanami hHang on, arenft you removing the Puryo??h
Rance hI am.
       Oh look, therefs even a Puryo here!h
With that line, I pulled Kanamifs nipple.
Kanami hOw!h
Rance hSorry, looks like I was wrong.
       Gahahahahahahahaha!h
Kanami hYou did that on purpose!!h
Rance hThere are Puryo bits in your hair too.
       Ifll give you a shampoo with my golden fingers since Ifve got
       a barber license and all (lie).h
Kanami hDonft touch my hair.h
I took some shampoo and splashed it onto Kanamifs hair.
The slimy liquid drips down.
Rance hOkay, time to wash.h
When I stirred it around, it started producing bubbles.
Unlike guys, girls have delicate hair and it feels really good.
(Scrub scrub scrub)
Kanami hThatfs enough!
        Ifll do it myself, so please.. stop!h
Rance hItfs no trouble, and wefre just this close, arenft we?
       Ifll wash your hair until your cuticles shine!h
(Scrub scrub scrub)
The shampoo is really bubbling now.
I caressed Kanamifs scalp lovingly.
Kanami h....Aaahn!h
Rance hTherefs nothing to cry about, geez.
       Oh, I get it, youfre crying fcause youfre happy.h
Kanami hStupid!h
After Ifd washed her hair enough, I poured water over it and rinsed
the bubbles out.
Rance hAlright, your hairfs nice and clean.h
Rance hIfll give you another shampoo for good measure.h
When I took the shampoo and approached her again, Kanami put her
hands on her head and shook it in refusal.
Kanami hThatfs enough! Stop!h
Thanks to my devoted service, quite a bit of the Puryo sticking to
Kanami had been removed.
Rance hPhew, time for the finishing touches then.h
Kanami hWhat.. Youfre not gonna do more, are you?h
As Kanami spoke, she drew back as if on guard.
Rance hIfll finish this with my special lotion!h
Kanami hLo..tion??h
Rance hYup!
       It takes a little work to get it out, so youfre gonna help me!
       Itfs for your sake after all!h
I pushed Kanami onto her back and straddled her.
Kanami hHey, what are you doing!?h
Rance hFufufufufu!h
Pulling out the destructive weapon Ifm so proud of, I showed it to
Kanami.
Kanami hEee.. put that thing away!h
Rance hWhat are you saying? Itfs my most precious thing.
       Isnft its black luster super cool?h
Kanami hItfs really, really, really not.h
Rance hYou should be grateful that you get to see the worldfs best
       dick like this. How about I make my wonderful dick produce a
       yellow liquid for you?h
I grabbed Kanamifs breasts and stuck my huge dick in between them.
Kanami hHey, thatfs dirty! Stop!h
I shook my hips to move Kanamifs breasts.
My destructive weapon moves around in between her soft boobs.
Kanami hAh.. ah.. *gasp*..!h
Kanamifs breasts are small, so this doesnft work super well, but it
still feels pretty good, and Ifm only getting more turned on looking
down at Kanamifs indescribable expression as she shakes her head.
Rance hOoh.. There!!h
(Spuuuuuurt, splat)
A white liquid shoots out of my destructive weapon like a wave and
rains down on Kanamifs breasts, neck, and face.
Kanami hNo... what the hell!h
Rance hGahahahahahaha, that felt great!h
I took my destructive weapon which was limp after expelling its
energy and shook the last of the white liquid in its barrel onto
Kanamifs body.
Kanami hYoufre.. youfre terrible!h
Rance hWell then....h
Kanami hWh.. Youfre not doing more, are you?
        Come on, thatfs enough, isnft it?h
Rance hWhat do you mean? We havenft done the most important thing!h
Restraining Kanami, who was trying to escape into the tub, I stuck a
finger into her pussy.
Kanami hAh!h
Rance hRight, this here.
       Itfs a womanfs most important place after all.
       Itfd be terrible if a Puryo got in here.h
Rance hIfll wash it eeextra carefully.h
Kanami hItfs fine, Ifll do it myself!h
Rance hYou really think you can see in between your legs?
       Ifll check it out real carefully for you.h
I restrained Kanami and wrenched open her legs, taking a good look in
between.
Her soft hill is faintly quivering.
I used both hands to push her open.
Kanami h...Ahn..!h
Rance hHmm...?h
Kanami writhed in embarassment at having her important place
scrutinized like this.
Rance hOh, found one.h
Kanami hEh..?h
I spread it open even further and stuck my face in real close to
look.
Kanami hWhat? Found one what?h
Kanami asks, sounding uneasy after my declaration.
(Lick) I stuck out my tongue and licked her flower petals.
And, raising my head out from between her legs, I said with a serious
face,
Rance hTherefs a Puryo deep in your womb.h
Kanami hEh?h
Rance hAt this rate, itfll start multiplying inside of your body...h
Kanami h......h
Rance hYou might give birth to a bunch of baby Puryo.h
Kanami hNo, nonono!h
Kanami hRance, canft you do something?h
Rance hWell, letfs see.h
I gave the panicking Kanami a sidelong glance as I pretended to think
calmly.
Itfs, of course, a lie that therefs a Puryo in Kanamifs womb.
Rance hWell, it should be fine if I shoot a round in.h
Kanami h.....h
She seemed to calm down a little and looked at my suspiciously.
Rance hPuryo hate male fluids after all.
       Alright, anyway, letfs do it.h
Kanami hW- wait a second....h
Rance hNo can do.h
I embraced Kanamifs small body and pierced her from below.
Kanami hAu..!h
Rance hAlright, letfs go!h
I attack Kanami, piercing up violently.
Kanamifs body gives a big shake with each thrust.
(Thrust thrust thrust)
My destructive weapon thrusts into Kanamifs body.
Kanami h....Ooh... ahh!h
Grabbing Kanamifs quivering butt, I start thrusting even more
strongly.
Rance hHear that splashing sound, Kanami?
       Are you super turned on?h
Kanami h...Ooh.. aah..!h
It doesnft look like Kanami has the willpower to complain to me
anymore.
Sweet moans are the only things coming out of her mouth.
Rance hWell, nowfs a good a time as any!h
My dick began an even more powerful attack.
.........................
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
–  At that time                          –
–   Control Area   Helman Explorers      –
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
hIo Ishtar has returned!h
hHow pathetic, returning in the middle of your mission.h
h.......h
hWell, hand over the E Key.h
Io gave the E Key to Bitch.
hKehya, kehya, kehya!
 With this, wefve got two keys, the E Key and the W Key.
 It wonft be long until my glory now!h
hWell, letfs begin the search in earnest now.
 Wefve got this doll on our side now and therefs nothing
 left to be afraid of.h
h........h
hThen I guess we should search the Defense Core or the
 Tousho Core.h
hRight, but before that.. Kehya, kehya!h
hLetfs do some sabotage so that those Leazas bastards
 canft come after us.h
h....Youfre awfully good at getting in peoplefs way and
 dragging them down, arenft you?h
–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
–     Tousho Core  A certain room         –
–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
At that time, a single Tousho began to move.
hOnce again, some fool tries to move this Toushin Toshi.
 I must keep my promise with Freak-sama....h
...........
