hRance-sama, the doorfs open.h
hA trap...?h
hWefre up against that mad scientist, you know.
 He couldnft possibly plan something like that.
 He just left the door open.h
When we carefully peered in, Moganda was setting up to do
surgery.
An armored warrior sleeps on the operating table.
Itfs gotta be the one from earlier.
hHohoho, time to start the operation.h
hFirst, I must remove this troublesome armor.h
He starts removing the armor with unpractised hands.
hAhhh.. This is irritating!
 Accursed armor.. take this...!h
Dumbass, youfre not gonna get it off like that.
That idiot doesnft know how armor works either?
..Hm, but it looks like he managed to get it off anyway.
hWh.... what!?
 This is a female, is it not?h
hHow could this be? Humans are already weak, but females
 are even weaker! This is a problem.
 I get the feeling strengthening something this weak
 wonft amount to much.. wah, whofs there!?h
hOhh, a.. woman?
 I couldnft tell fcause of her heavy armor.h
hHey, Ifm in the middle of an operation here!
 Donft come in here with your dirty clothes!h
hI wonft be able to operate if you get bacteria in the
 room, you fool!h
hHey, pervert scientist!
 Layinf a hand on a girl is a serious crime, you know!h
hYeah!h
hWhatever do you mean? Ifm merely giving this being a
 perfect body!h
hA girlfs body is perfect when itfs in its original,
 busty state!
 You donft know anything.h
hHmph, youfre the one who knows nothing.
 Itfs probably pointless to try to explain though.h
hWell, Ifm starting to want to experiment on your body
 now.
 Itfs a nice body with plenty of muscle.
 Youfre a prime candidate for my rerõ!h
hDonft stare at me like that, you creep.h
hMmm, what a wonderful body.
 Even though youfre a human, youfre a male, and an
 excellent one at that! I could definitely use you.h
hI said stop looking at me like youfre licking me with
 your eyes!h
hVery well. Capture him.h
hPhew, hefs dead, right?h
hYep, we beat him.h
hAlright, letfs get on with the saving part.h
I approached the operating table the armored girl lay on.
A female warrior with a bound chest was lying on the operating table.
Her chest moved up and down slightly, showing that she was alive.
Sill hWe made it, Rance-sama!
      Letfs help her.h
Rance hWait...h
Sill h....h
Rance hWell, she LOOKS like a girl, but she could be a man.
       I think we should check.h
Sill hI think itfs pretty obvious that shefs a girl.h
Rance hShut it! These guy shorts are really suspicious!
       Ifm gonna check while shefs sleeping!h
Io hGood idea.h
Rance hWell then, why donft I remove this chest binding?h
I unbound her chest.
The binding came off to reveal two splendid breasts.
Theyfre a good size, not too big or too small.
Rance hTits!h
I started groping them without even realizing it.
(Grope grope grope grope)
Rance hHow soft. They feel great.h
(Grope grope grope grope)
... hAh.... uhn....h
Rance hWhoa, donft wake up just yet!h
Sill hSee, shefs a girl.
      Letfs hurry and wake her up.h
Rance hNot yet. Her chest looks girly enough, but we still canft
       really tell.h
Io hYep, wefve gotta check down there too.h
Rance hRight, right, down there.
       Ufufufufu..!h
I calmed my pounding heart and removed her shorts slowly.
As I slid the guy shorts down, a cute girl appeared from inside them.
Rance hOhh, itfs a woman!h
Sill hRance-sama, we know shefs a girl now, so letfs wake her up and
      help her already.h
Rance hDumbass, you think I could come this far and stop here?
       Ifm gonna have some fun while Ifm at it.h
Io h*Giggle* *giggle*, I wonder if this girlfs a virgin?h
Rance hShe looks really naive, so I bet not.h
Io hI dunno, she could be a complete slut, you know?h
Rance hWell, Ifll find out if I check.h
I ran my finger over her cute little slit.
Mmm, itfs nice and soft.
She wasnft wet of course, but I pushed open her flower petals anyway
like I was handling a precious treasure.
Itfs a small hole, cute, pink, and small enough that I doubt my dick
could even fit inside.
And as for her virginity, letfs see....
Io hWell?h
Rance hShefs... a virgin.. nah, Ifd say half.h
Io hHalf??h
Rance hHer hymenfs torn a little bit.
       I dunno who, but probably somebody tried and it hurt her or
       she cried or something and he stopped halfway.h
Io hHmm?
    Then I guess shefs technically a virgin, right?h
Rance hRight.
       A virgin for me!h
I start playing around with her pure slit, using a few of my fingers.
After a little while, her flower petals opened themselves up, wet
with nectar.
Rance hOh, shefs feeling it even though shefs unconscious!h
Io hLooks like.h
I played around some more, feeling like a kid with a new toy.
I moved her little bean around with the tip of my finger and flipped
and pulled her flower petals.
Girl hUu... uuuhn.h
Rance hShit, shefs gonna wake up.h
Girl h....Ah.. what!?h
Girl hKyaaaa, whatfs going on!!?
      Whatfs happening!?h
I was that close, but it looks like the anesthesiafs worn
off and the girlfs woken up.
Tch, Ifm so unlucky.
Anyway, Ifve gotta get out of this somehow...
hOh good, it looks like youfre okay.h
Girl h.......h
hYou were just about to be used for a terrible experiment
 by an evil scientist.
 And I saved you.h
Girl h.......h
hRight, Ifm the warrior of justice, Rance.
 Ifm a warrior of justice, which is plain to see if you
 look into my clear, honest eyes.h
Girl hYou were fooling around with my body, werenft you?h
hNo no no.
 Therefs no way a warrior of justice would do something
 like that, right, Sill?h
h...Yes.h
hRight, Rance-san here fights for justice, so you donft
 have to worry.h
Girl h....Well, you do indeed appear to have saved me,
      and for that I must thank you.h
Girl hMy name is Sanakia.
      Sanakia Drelshkaf.h
Sanakia hPlease wait a moment.
         I just donft feel right not wearing my armor, so
         Ifll have to ask you to let me put it on.h
h...But youfre way sexier without it...h
Sanakia equipped her armor with a practised hand.
Itfs full plate, so her soft, fair skin ends up being
mostly hidden.
Sanakia hMm, armor is definitely better.
         Knights should always be armored and ready,
         wouldnft you say?h
Sanakia h.....Right, by the way, could you perchance tell
         me what the current year is?h
hItfs LP2. Why do you ask?h
Sanakia hLP.. an era with which Ifm unfamiliar.
         It seems an awful lot of time has passed.h
hWhatfs wrong, Sanakia-chan?h
Sanakia hPlease donft address me in such a manner.
         I find it unpleasant.h
Sanakia hIt would please me if youfd call me Sir Sanakia.
         At the very least, not something as ridiculous
         as Sanakia-chan.h
hYou know, I wasnft gonna say anything, but arenft you
 kinda full of yourself?h
Sanakia h......h
hI canft accept your uncute armor and your uncute
 attitude. Youfre a girl, you know.
 Be a little girlier.h
Sanakia hGirlier? Sorry to disappoint you.
         Ifve discarded my femininity.
         Ifm merely an honorable knight.h
h......h
Sanakia hI do hope youfre not thinking Ifm on the same
         level as wannabe warriors and mages.h
hWhat was that, you bitch!?
 Youfve crossed the line!
 Ifm gonna destroy your hymen so that therefs not a
 single shred of it left!h
hRance-sama...!h
Sanakia hWhat a vulgar man.
         Youfre baser than a brigand.h
Sanakia hIfll show you the power of the commander of the
         Third Knight Squad of the Dallas Toushin Toshi
         Exploration Team!h
hHmph, thatfs all women are capable of.
 Thatfs what you get for defying me.h
Sanakia hCurse you!h
Sanakia hI canft believe I could lose to someone like
         this...
         Kill me! Just kill me already!h
hHey, Ifm a gentleman, you know.
 I couldnft do such a savage thing as kill a girl.h
hBut showing a girl a good time is my specialty.
 So Ifm gonna show you one hell of a good time!h
Sanakia hStop, donft touch me!
         Unhand me!!h
hArgh, stop struggling!
 Io, tie her up.h
hRoger!h
Sanakia hKuh..... untie me!
         What do you plan to do to me?h
Rance hWhat do I plan to do? What should we do, Io??h
Io hHohohohohoho, I think therefs only one answer.h
Rance hI suppose youfre right.
       Why donft I teach you a fun game, Sanakia?h
Sanakia hDonft touch me, boor!
         Ifm a knight! Unhand me!h
But man, shefs got a pretty great body.
If shefd just be honest with herself and act like a girl, I bet shefd
be really cute.
Ifll have to teach her the difference between men and women here for
the sake of her future and for my future happiness.
Rance hYoufre a woman before youfre a knight.h
Sanakia hI am a knight!h
Rance h.....Youfre a woman.h
Sanakia hIfm a knight!h
Rance hWell fine, Ifll just teach your body.
       Io.h
Io hSure thing.h
Io smiled, sat down behind Sanakia, and reached her hands out to
Sanakiafs breasts.
Sanakia hWh.. what are you doing!?h
Io fondled Sanakiafs plentiful breasts from behind.
Sanakia hYou degenerate woman! Stop, donft touch me!h
Io hOh my, youfre not wearing a bra I see.h
Sanakia hOf course not!h
Io hIf you donft protect wonderful breasts like these with a bra,
    theyfll lose their shape, you know?h
As she spoke, Io moved her hands lewdly.
Slowly, and at times, forcefully....
Sanakia h.........!h
Io hRance-san, would you like to touch them?
    Theyfre quite toned and feel very nice.h
As I nodded wordlessly, I knelt down in front of Sanakia.
Sanakia hKuh.. pig!h
I grabbed Sanakiafs breasts through the thin cloth covering them.
My hands felt a soft, springy feeling.
I fondled her as if kneading them like that.
Sanakia hKuh.. you....!h
And, finding her nipples on the other side of the cloth, I attempted
to stimulate them by moving them with my thumbs.
Sanakia hOoh... ah..!h
Rance hWhatfs wrong? fD you feel that?h
Io hThen how fbout I try too!h
Since I was monopolizing her breasts from the front, Io reached her
hand out to Sanakiafs pussy from behind.
Sanakia hAh.. not there.. *gasp*..!h
Io hOh my, how cute!
    How about this?h
Io reached her hand into the shorts Sanakia was wearing and started
her direct attack for real.
Sanakia h*Gasp*...!h
Iofs hand moves lewdly inside Sanakiafs shorts.
Io hOh my, youfve gotten wet, havenft you?h
Rance hOhh, Sanakia-chan?
       Youfve gotten wet??h
Sanakia h.....Swine, *spit*.h
Rance hKuh!h
Sanakia appears to have spat on my beautiful, chiseled face.
Rance hYou bitch....!h
Io hRance-san, would it be okay if I took this impudent girlfs
    virginity?h
Rance hSure, do it.h
I pinched Sanakiafs nipples hard and stood up.
Io hYou make such a fuss about being a knight, Sanakia-san, so you
    must love your sword, right?h
Sanakia hOf course I do! Her sword is a knightfs soul!h
Io hThen Ifll do it with that sword.h
(Ram)
Io stuck the hilt of Sanakiafs sword into her pussy.
Sanakia h*Gasp*.. o.. ow.. *gasp*..!h
Thatfs overdoing it a little, isnft it? Iofs practically being
inhuman here.
Io hI bet it hurts, doesnft it?
    The bloodfs just spilling out.h
Sanakiafs unused pussy is becoming covered in blood after having the
hard hilt shoved in.
Rance hHey now, isnft that overdoing it a bit?h
Io hItfs fine. A girl this impertinent needs to be punished a
    little.h
Sanakia hAh.....*gasp*..!h
Io moved the sword even more harshly.
Sanakiafs screams resounded as she did.
..............
(Grind grind grind grind)
Sanakia h*Gasp*... ah....!!h
Rance hThatfs enough.
       Stop.h
I grabbed the hand that was moving the sword around and forced Io to
stop.
Io h...Fine.
    Then continue it yourself, Rance-san.h
Sanakiafs unconscious, blood still spilling from her slit.
Rance hNah... I wonft.h
Io h.......Hmph, youfre no fun.h
..............
Sanakia hShit, Ifll die!
         I canft live with this insult done to me!h
hHmm, youfll die?h
Sanakia hThatfs right, Ifll die to protect my honor!h
Well this is a problem. I canft have a girl die.
Alright, shefs a proud one, so Ifll go with that.
hThen, if you die....h
Sanakia hWhat now?h
hIfll play around with your corpse!
 And when Ifm tired of you, Ifll sell you off to a
 necrophiliac and youfll be played with even more!h
Sanakia hWhat!h
hWell it doesnft have anything to do with you if youfre
 dead, right?
 Fufufufufu!h
Sanakia hYou would make light of a knightfs death!?
         Remember this!h
Sanakia hurriedly equipped her armor and left the room.
hHey, youfre not gonna kill yourself?h
Sanakia hI wonft die until Ifve taken your head!
         I swear Ifll kill you!h
hHmm, not dying until you take my head, eh?
 Youfll live a long time then.h
Sanakia hKeep prattling!h
Sanakia left the room angrily.
I feel like things got kinda weird when I was trying to
help her, but well, I guess I wonft worry about it.
hRance-sama, wasnft that a bit too harsh??h
h......Donft worry about it.h
hRance-san, more importantly, the key.
 Letfs find the E Key.h
hI guess youfre right. Wefve killed Moganda.. That guyfs
 out of our way now, so letfs take our time looking.h
‚¾‚ß‚¾[[[[‚w‚ª‘å‚«‚¢
‚¾‚ß‚¾[[[[‚x‚ª‘å‚«‚¢
