hYou wanted this E Key, right?h
hThanks, Rance-san!
 Ifm so happy!h
hIfm happy that I was able to help you.h
hFind me the other three keys like this, okay?h
hLeave it to me.h
h.........h
hAnyway, this Toushin Toshi thing.
 No matter what wefre doing, we need to know more about
 this floating fortress.h
hYoufre right, Rance-sama.h
hSill, summarize what wefve found out so far.h
hYes, Rance-sama.h
hWefre on a giant continent floating in the sky.
 According to various people, itfs a floating fortress
 called a Toushin Toshi.h
hToushin Toshi were built in the distant past.
 Inside them are research facilities and several combat
 weapons called Tousho.h
hAbout 200 years ago, an exploration team came from the
 country of Dallas to claim this Toushin Toshi, but after
 setbacks from monster attacks, they were unable to
 return home and created a town.h
hThat town is Cassado, on the surface.
 Oh.. The exploration team from Dallas...h
hWhat is it, Sill? Did you notice something?h
hSanakia-san from earlier said something like she was a
 fDallas Exploration Team Captainf.
 So shefs from the exploration team from 200 years
 ago...h
hI see, that sounds right.
 So that Moganda turned her to stone and she was stored
 there for 200 years.h
hSo the people in Cassado are Sanakia-sanfs descendants.
 That seems kind of strange.h
hYeah, so.. What else..?h
hThatfs pretty much all we know.
 We have no idea who built this Toushin Toshi when and
 for what purpose.h
hThis Toushin Toshi thingfs kinda interesting since itfs
 so mysterious.
 I want more information.h
hDfyou know anything, Io?h
hI have no idea. Itfs 200 years.. no, older than that,
 right? How would I know?
 Wouldnft only gods or devils know anything about things
 that old?h
hGods or devils, eh..?h
hThatfs right, Feliss!
 She might know something.h
hWhat the heckfs a Feliss?h
hA devil I own.h
hEhh? You own a devil too, Rance-san?h
hYep.
 Alright, Ifm gonna call her.h
hFeliss, Rance-samafs calling.h
hFeliss, 9th rank devil, at your service.
 Do you need something, Master?h
Feliss, who was reduced to being my servant after I
learned her true name, appeared.
hYou came.
 Good job.h
hThe reason I called for you today is, of course..h
hSex..?h
hNope, fthough that is your most important mission.
 Todayfs a bit different.h
hTell me everything you know about Toushin Toshi.
 You know about past history since youfre a devil,
 right?h
hOf course.h
hWefre in the 20th Toushin Toshi right now.
 Also known as Upsilon.h
hI see. So what was this Toushin Toshi made for?h
hIt was back when the Dark Lord Gi ruled the world.
 GI350, to be precise.
 About 660 years go.h
hA man named M. M. Rune stood up against the rule of the
 Dark Lords.
 He organized a Magic Sect for mages.h
hIn order to unify humanity, he started wars with every
 country, winning them one by one.
 By GI363, humanity was united.h
hOhh? Impressive.
 Did they fight with only mages?h
hNo, the fighting was centered around invincible weapons
 created with magic called fIron Soldiers.f
 They were the prototype of the Tousho, one of which I
 believe you were just fighting, Master.h
h......That thing, huh..?
 But that thing wouldnft be able to beat a Dark Lord.
 So what happened next?h
hThey started calling themselves the Holy Magic Sect and
 began building power.h
hThen they completed the 1st Toushin Toshi (Alpha) which
 theyfd developed to fight Dark Lords.
 They made many more Toushin Toshi after this.h
hSo there were a bunch of things like this..?
 I bet theyfd look pretty impressive lined up together.h
hYes, it was a mighty display.
 The Holy Magic Sect began their war with the Dark Lords
 in GI420.
 The Dark Lord War lasted 32 years.h
hWhat happened in the end?h
h..Rance-sama, thatfs in the history textbooks...h
hWhat!?h
hNothing...h
hThe Holy Magic Sect fought to free humanity from the
 Dark Lords, but the long war began to drive people to
 suspicion and doubt.h
hIn the 31st year of the war, humanity wanted to stop
 fighting, and the Holy Magic Sect was betrayed by people
 instigated by the Dark Lords.h
hM. M. Rune, who had fought for humanity only to be
 betrayed by it, went insane and started investing in the
 rest of the Toushin Toshi, which he created to destroy
 both the Dark Lords and humanity.h
hHow tragic...h
hIn the end, the crazy M. M. Rune was murdered by one of
 his fellow mages and the war came to an end.h
hWere they able to defeat Dark Lords?h
hMany of the monster underlings of the Dark Lords were
 killed, but only one of the Dark Lords was actually
 defeated during the war.h
hOhh? Then I guess Ifm better than them, since Ifve
 defeated Noce and Ithere.h
hThat was because you had the Demonic Sword Chaos,
 wasnft it?h
After several hundreds of years, humanity has yet to
invent a weapon that surpasses this one.
So this is the strongest one, eh..? But it still canft
compare to a Dark Lord.
hI see. So this Toushin Toshi had a past like that,
 eh...?h
hItfs kind of.. sad, isnft it, Rance-sama?h
hThis Toushin Toshifs not quite capable of fighting Dark
 Lords, but it seems like a good weapon to use to control
 mankind!h
hRance-sama...h
hIfll take control of this Toushin Toshi!
 Gahahahahahahahahaha!h
hAll the people of the world will bow down to meee!h
I see. Then Ifm gonna control this Toushin Toshi.
Ifll become the strongest king, and Ifll rule the world.
I took the first step towards achieving this grand goal.
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
–   Rance IV  |Chapter 2| End        –
–             DateF 
                –
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
Alice hAnd thatfs the end of the second chapter.
       Good work.h
Yukichi hCaw, caw.. caw...h
Alice hI wonder whatfll happen in Rance-kun and
       Sill-chanfs adventure next, Yukichi.h
Yukichi hCaw... Cawcaca.h
Alice hYoufre right. Poor Sanakia-san.
       Rance-kunfs so cruel.h
Alice hWefre moving to the 3rd chapter now, but the main
       character is switching from Rance-kun to
       Maria-san.h
Alice hItfs the story of Maria-san and everyone in the
       Rance-kun Rescue Party who came from Leazas.
       Please do your best.h
