––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
–   Rance IV  -Chapter 1-          –
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
A refreshing breeze blew through a beautiful meadow.
The plants were bathed in the warm light of the sun.
    (Squelch squelch)
The meadow was so beautiful it seemed to cleanse the
heart.
   (... hNo.. ahn..!h)
Were they to lie down in this beautiful meadow, anyone
would forget their ambitions and evil intentions..
  (... hAaah.. kyan!h)
They would probably forget all indecent worldly desires
too...
(hGahahahaha, here, here.. how about this?h)
..............
Rance hGahahahahahahaha, howfs that, Sill?
       Dfyou like my Lick-lick Attack? I bet itfd even impress an
       anteater! Lick, lick!h
Sill hNo.. Rance-sama.. not here..!h
Maybe itfs not the place for it, but why donft I introduce myself?
My name is Rance. My family name is a secret for a certain reason.
Ifm the most beautiful and also the strongest warrior in the world,
so Ifm super popular.
Youfre jealous, arenft you? Gahahahahaha! But itfs pointless to be
jealous of a super elite like me whofs been blessed by heaven about
two or three times more than a normal person.
The girl Ifm pleasuring with techniques even more impressive than
Marcosf is my slave, Sill Plain.
Shefs a fairly valuable slave I spent a ton of money on at a certain
slave market.
She can do housework and laundry, shefs a little useful in combat,
and I always enjoy playing with her as my toy, so shefs extremely
useful. (It was a good deal).
Magic was cast on her so that she wouldnft disobey me when I bought
her, so I donft have to worry about her running away, which is
comforting.
And thatfs the end of my introduction.
Explanations are a lot of work, so I hate them.
If..
Well, I donft think there are, but if there are any people who
havenft played the wonderful [Rance -Quest for Hikari-],
[Rance 2 -The Rebellious Maidens-], or [Rance 3 -Fall of Leazas-]
which contain my previous adventures, no..
There couldnft be people who havenft seen fem, but..
I guess there could be if they just recently bought a computer or
something, so Ifll help those guys out since Ifm so wonderful.
The manual summarizes them thoroughly, so read it. There.
Sill hUh.. What is it, Rance-sama?
      Were you just talking to yourself?h
Rance hHmph, as the main character of this story, Ifve got stuff to
       do, unlike a side character like you who just exists to strip.
       Besides, you shouldnft be criticizing me so much anyway.h
Sill h..Yes.h
Rance hHmph, youfve been kinda out of line lately.
       Here, take this!h
(Chomp)
I lightly bit Sillfs small, sensitive protuberance.
Sill hAah.. *gasp*..!h
Unable to bear it, Sill let out a moan that could be interpreted as
pain or pleasure.
As I licked the area diligently, nectar started to slowly flow from
her flower bud.
(Lick lick lick)
Sillfs pussy is twitching from my attack as if waiting eagerly for my
delicious thing to come into her.
Teasingfs fun, but why donft we go a round instead.. deheheheh.
(Squelch squelch)
Sill hRance-samaa.. nooo.. I donft want to do it.. here.h
Rance hWhat?h
Sill hSomeone will see us if we do it in this field...h
Rance hNobodyfs here, and if somebody did show up, Ifd kill fem.
       Donft worry.h
I continued my forceful caresses in order to put an end to Sillfs
struggling.
I opened up her flower petals with both of my hands.
And when I crept my tongue inside of them, Sillfs body twisted.
Sill h*Gasp*..!h
Rance hWell then.. here I go.h
I lifted Sillfs legs and sat up.
Sill hOh.. Rance-sama.. look!h
Rance hHm.. what is it?h
Sill hA town. I can see a town!h
Sill yelled as if coming back to herself even though all she could do
a second ago was pant.
Rance hShut up, Ifm about to stick my manly *beep* in, so settle
       down!h
Sill hBut Rance-sama, itfs a town! There could be people!h
Rance hWhafd you say about a stupid town..? Youfre too loud.h
Sill hI said.. therefs a town over there.h
Rance hEh?h
Sill hSee?h
There certainly was a small town in the direction Sill was pointing.
Sill hRance-sama.. if therefs a town there..
      then someone could see us here.h
Rance hTch.h
A town, huh..?
Maybe I should destroy it for interrupting my fun time!!
Rance hAlright, wefre gonna destroy that nasty peeping town.
       Wefre attacking, Sill.h
Sill hRance-sama, thatfs.. impossible.h
Rance hWhaaat!?h
I yelled as I grasped Sillfs breast tightly.
Sill hR-.. Rance-sama.. that hurts.h
Rance hItfd better hurt, I meant it to.
       Itfs your punishment for talking back to me.h
Sill hBut.. no matter how strong you are, Rance-sama..
      itfs impossible with no weapon or armor...h
Rance hHmmmm, I suppose youfre right.
       No matter how perfect I am, I couldnft do it unarmed, huh..?h
Sill hI think we should concentrate on how we can use that town.h
I groped Sillfs plump breasts.
Sill h...Aah..h
Rance hYeah, I guess Ifm getting tired of being naked.
       Sill, go to that town and acquire some clothes for me.h
(Slap)
After giving the order, I gave Sillfs cute butt a slap.
Sill hKyan! Yes, Rance-sama.h
Rance hTheyfre for me, so make sure theyfre top quality.
       Got it? Top quality.h
Sill hYes, but....h
Rance hBut... But what? I told you not to talk back to me!
       I wonft accept anything other than top quality equipment
       either, okay!!?h
Sill hUm....h
I silently twisted Sillfs nipple.
Sill h*Gasp*..!h
Sill hRance-sama, itfs just.. when we were sent here, we ended up
      with only 8 gold....h
I twisted her nipple again.
Sill hOw.. Yes, I understand...h
Rance hDamn right you do.
       When I tell you to obtain equipment for me, you do whatever
       you have to do to obtain that equipment.h
Rance hThatfs what a slavefs for.h
Rance hGot it?h
Sill hYes.h
Rance hGood, then get going.h
Sill hYes, Ifll be right back.h
Sill hurried off to the town.
Geez, what a useless loser.
I lay down face up in the field, still butt naked.
My manly dick, stretched out to the heavens, is truly a
gallant sight.
This dick is an amazing dick that has pleasured countless
women. Itfs on a different scale of size, strength, and
durability than your average loserfs dick. Itfs truly a
dick among dicks.
That exceptional dick is hard and throbbing.
Come to think of it, I shoulda gone one round with Sill
before I let her go...
What a waste...
Itfs all Sillfs fault.
Shefs such a useless loser.
Ifll do her like 50,000 times later.
Ifll make her cry and I wonft even forgive her when shefs
begging me to.
fCause shefs my woman.
....Phew.
..But, a lot.. happened today, so Ifm tired..
I wonder.. whatfs going on in Leazas..
I wonder what happened to Gele...
I wonder what my other cute ladies are doing...
By the way, I wonder.. where this is...
The God of Light or whatever said some shit about divine
punishment, but.....
Well, whatever.
*Yawn*....
........
....*Snore* *snore*...
*Snore* *snore* *snore*....
 ...................
..................
...................
... hRance-sama.. Rance-sama!h
Rance hMm.. mm..?h
... hRance-sama.. Rance-sama..!h
hHm.. ah.. Sill?h
Looks like Sillfs staring at me with a bunch of crap in
her arms.
I seem to have been sleeping.
hHere, Rance-sama.h
hWhaddaya mean here??h
hArmor, Rance-sama. Clothes and armor and a weapon.
 I worked really hard to find them and bring them back.h
Sill smiled happily and showed me the bag full of arms.
hAh, right.
 Alright, gimme fem.h
I took the bag from Sill and inspected its contents.
(Rustle rustle rustle rustle)
........
Sill is looking at me worriedly.
Itfs like shefs a student whofs just handed her final
report in to her professor and is scared of the grade
shefll get.
Inside the bag was underwear, a used sword, used armor,
socks, bracers, and tassets....
It does all seem to be there.
hHmmm, theyfre cheap.
 It deeply disturbs me that I actually have to wear such
 cheap crap.h
hIfm sorry.h
hHmph, well, itfs fine. Ifll deign to wear them in my
 profound compassion.
 Be grateful.h
hYes, thank you very much.h
Rance equipped underwear.
    (My manly dick can no longer be seen.)
Rance equipped shirt.
    (I feel a little uncool in just my underwear.)
Rance equipped socks.
    (Theyfre kind of a weird color for socks.)
Rance equipped pants.
    (One leg, two legs.)
Rance equipped tunic.
    (Alright, now I can go into town.)
Rance equipped Used Armor.
     (This feels unreliable.)
Rance equipped Used Sword.
     (Itfs not very sharp.)
hHrm, fusion complete.h
hClap clap clap clap, youfre so cool, Rance-sama!h
hAm I? Gahahahahahaha!h
hBut I donft like cheap crap.h
hHm, whatfs this??h
I took a small bonsai and a piece of paper out of the
bag.
hThatfs a Return Bonsai.
 Itfs an item that will allow you to return to town from
 anywhere.
 It was on sale so I bought it too.h
hHrm, well, thatfs fine.
 And whatfs this scrap of paper??h
hI received that as a bonus.
 Supposedly itfs a map that allows you to see where you
 are, but it doesnft look that useful.h
hUseless, huh..? Well, it was free, so itfs fine.h
Anyway, I felt accomplished having acquired equipment.
hWhatfs that town called, Sill?h
hIts name is Cassado.h
hHmmm, and what else have you found out?h
hIfll explain the rest when wefve arrived.
 So letfs go to the town, Rance-sama.h
h......h
hDonft give me orders!!h
(Hit hit hit hit hit)
hAahn, Ifm sorry!h
hWell, we wonft figure out where we are unless we look
 around. Letfs head to the town.h
hYes.h
I took Sill and headed to the town of Cassado.
