[EveryoneÅfs favorite unscheduled drama is on a break
 today.
 HereÅfs the news.]
[EveryoneÅfs favorite unscheduled drama is in production
 today, so itÅfs on a break.
 HereÅfs the news.]
Unscheduled Drama
  Mami-chanÅôPanic
    Episode 1
[Hey, Mami-chan, letÅfs go get chocolate parfaits at
 Comme de Terre tonight.
 I have something I want to ask you.]
[Yeah, itÅfs about Etou-kun.
 Etou-kunÅfs birthday is coming up soon, so I think I want
 to confess to him!
 So please give me some adice. Nana]
The letter I got from Nana-chan was on her favorite baby
blue stationery.
IÅfve gotta write back on my special lavender-scented
stationery.
Hmmmmmm, where did I put it..
Is it in my bag?
Or.. maybe..
ÅhLooking for something?Åh
ÅhYes.. Oh, there it is!Åh
ÅhWhat cute stationery.Åh
ÅhEh..Åh
Th.. this voice..!!
ÅhCome to the staff room when classes are over, Mami-chan,
 Nana-chan."
*Sooooooooooooooooooob*!!
We got caught by the nice but strict Shou-sensei!!
Eeee..
WeÅfre gonna get scoldeed.
I looked at Nana-chan and gave her a signal with my eyes.
Nana-chan looked at me as if apologizing.
I smiled and looked at Nana-chan.
ÅfOh well.Åf
"Excuse us.."
Nana-chan and I left the staff room, our voices
synchronized.
Phewwwww. He only scolded us a little, saying we
shouldnÅft do that anymore, but...
He gave us three English questions we have to do for
homework tonight.
But they look pretty easy and he said I could do them
with Nana-chan, so I guess we got lucky.
ÅhIÅfm sorry, Mami-chan.Åh
ÅhNah, donÅft be.
 Anyway, itÅfs time for clubs, Nana-chan.
 WeÅfve gotta hurry.Åh
Nana-chanÅfs in the super strict Tennis Club.
If sheÅfs late, sheÅfll get scolded again.
(By the way, IÅfm in the Go Home Club. Teehee.)
ÅhYeah, then see you later, Mami-chan.Åh
Nana-chan exits the stage.
I wave good-bye.
ÅhThen I should wait at my usual place for Nana-chan to be
 done with club.Åh
My usual place..
ItÅfs a secret place only Nana-chan and I know about.
ItÅfs a place where you can see the schoolyard really
well.
No, not the schoolyard..
ÅhOh, itÅfs about to start!
 IÅfve gotta hurry!Åh
I panicked and ran through the hallway.
Our classroom was right around the corner.
Sitting by the window in the very back is my daily
routine.
Eh... SomeoneÅfs in front of me..
Kya.. IÅfve gotta stop...
   *Thud*
"Kyan!"
"Uwah!"
               To be continued
Unscheduled Drama
  Mami-chanÅôPanic
    Episode 2
   *Thud*
"Kyan!"
"Uwah!"
I seem to have run face first into something hard or soft
or I donÅft know!
No!!
I fell right on my butt in the middle of the hallway!
*Soooooooooooooobbb*!
It huuurts!!
ÅhIÅfm sorry, are you alright?Åh
ÅhYes.. ItÅfs because I was running...Åh
ÅhYouÅfre not hurt?Åh
Kya...
Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
ItÅfs Hikaru-kuuun!!
The hard but soft wall was Hikaru-kunÅfs chest!!
Noooooooooooo!! What do I dooo!!?
Hikaru-kun is the schoolÅfs soccer ace...
and because of that, heÅfs my..
prince...
Kya, I said it!!
IÅfm in the Go Home Club because I want to see Hikaru-kun
playing soccer.
Because I can see how cool Hikaru-kun is playing soccer
really well from my classroom window.
But Hikaru-kunÅfs super popular!
Lately a bunch of girls have started gathering when he
starts practice, so I havenÅft been able to see him much.
So I just watch him from the window... but IÅfm happy.
I... IÅfm talking with Hikaru-kun!
Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
His hand.. his hand is on my shouldeeer!
ÅhI... IÅfm fine!!
 I-I-I.. IÅfm sorry!!Åh
I said to Hikaru-kun, standing up.
Auuuu!! I can feel how red my cheeks are and itÅfs sooo
embarrassiing!
ÅhReally..?
 Then take care of yourself. DonÅft run in the hall again.
 Mami-chan.Åh
ÅhY.. yes!!Åh
Kyaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
Hikaru-kun knows my naaame!
IÅfm so haappyyy!!
I could die right now...
No, I couldnÅft!
If IÅfm going to die, it has to be after saying ÅhI love
youÅh to Hikaru-kun!
Ahh... More importantly..
This part that Hikaru-kun touched..
IÅfll never wash it again!
Anyway..
This is like a message from God telling me I need to say
ÅhI love youÅh to Hikaru-kun!
Alright, IÅfve decided!!
IÅfm going to tell Hikaru-kun that I love him!
IÅfm going to say it properly!
...LetÅfs not think about whatÅfll happen afterward..
IÅfll lose the resolve to say it..
.....Huh?
I just felt a chill...
Was it my imagination?
     Maybe it wasnÅft.
             To be continued
Unscheduled Drama
  Mami-chanÅôPanic
    Episode 3
.....Huh?
I just felt a chill...
Was it my imagination?
ÅhIt wasnÅft.Åh
A girl standing behind a pillar was quietly talking to
herself.
ÅhHikaru-kunÅfs mine.
 I wonÅft give him to a shrimp like you!Åh
Eri-chan spoke quietly to herself in an intimidating
pose.
This girl also loves Hikaru-kun.
How much does she love him, you ask?
Well, she loves him so much that sheÅfd never eat another
of the wine jellies that come with her dinner ever again.
ÅhI wonÅft give Hikaru-kun to anyone.
 And in order to make sure that she understands that....Åh
In about three seconds...
ÅhIÅfm gonna bully the hell outta her!!
 Hooooooooooooohohohoho!!Åh
ÅhHmmmmmmmmmmm...
 I really do have chills..
 I wonder if I caught a cold...Åh
     An uneasy wind blows
               To be continued
Unscheduled Drama
  Mami-chanÅôPanic
    Episode 4
ÅhKyan!!Åh
ÅhNnnnn...
 I fell again...Åh
I wonder whyyy.
This is the third time IÅfve tripped today...
The first time, I tripped on a rock, the second time, I
stepped on a sleeping dogÅfs tail, and the third time, I
slipped on a banana peel...
B.. but they say the third timeÅfs the charm, so I
shouldnÅft fall again...
ÅhKyau!!Åh
My little nose has collided with the cold floor.
O...ow...
What was it this time...?
A foot?
This is a girlÅfs indoor shoe...
ÅhWell? Do you give up?Åh
ÅhWho are you?Åh
ÅhI donÅft have any name IÅfd give to you.
 Pug-faced Mami-chan.Åh
ÅhI donÅft have a pug face!Åh
ÅhWho cares.
 I donÅft want you making any unnecessary moves on my
 Hikaru-kun. Got it?Åh
ÅhÅfYourÅf Hikaru-kun...?
 Hikaru-kun isnÅft a thing!Åh
ÅhThatÅfs not what I meant!
 Hikaru-kun is going to become my, EriÅfs, boyfriend!
 So YOUÅfRE in my WAY!Åh
ÅhShe just told me her name...Åh
         A sudden rival!
               What will happen next?
                     To be continued
Unscheduled Drama
  Mami-chanÅôPanic
    Episode 5
ÅhHikaru-kun is going to become my, EriÅfs, boyfriend!
 So YOUÅfRE in my WAY!Åh
ÅhWhy should I have someone IÅfve just met saying something
 like that to me!?
 Aaaaaaaaah! Could you have anything to do with me
 falling so much since this morning?!!Åh
ÅhOh myyyy, did you just notice now?
 Hmph, you sim-ple-ton!Åh
ÅhIÅfm not stupid!!
 IÅfve only gotten a failing grade once!Åh
ÅhIf youÅfve failed once, then you really are an idiot!!Åh
ÅhIs my being stupid bothering you in some way!?Åh
ÅhOf course it is!
 Your STUPIDITY is whatÅfs causing you to do something as
 STUPID as go after MY Hikaru-kun!!Åh
ÅhYour... Hikaru-kun?Åh
When the name Hikaru-kun came up again, my heart throbbed
loudly.
ÅhThatÅfs right.
 Hikaru-kunÅfs the first candidate to become my boyfriend.
 A simpleton like you should keep your hands off him.Åh
ÅhIf heÅfs a candidate, then he hasnÅft said that he likes
 you back yet!!
 Then isnÅft it a 50/50 chance for both of us?!Åh
ÅhNo! DonÅft even imply that IÅfm on the same level as a
 simpleton like you!
 Just stay out of my way!Åh
ÅhNo!!Åh
Åh...I see... I understand..
 Well, I have a plan...Åh
ÅhHmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmph!!
 Screw youuuuu!!!Åh
After that, the girl who had called herself Eri-chan ran
off somewhere.
I.. I wonÅft.. lose either!
                 To be continued
Unscheduled Drama
  Mami-chanÅôPanic
    Episode 6
I ended up going home after parting with Nana-chan at 9
PM.
And I explained to my mom that it was Åfcause I went out
to eat with Nana-chan and we went shopping so it got a
little late, but she still scolded me and said IÅfd only
get half of my allowance next month...
Maaan!
Hrmmmmm.
But I canÅft let stuff like that get me down!
ÅhUmmmmmm, pot-pourri, and cologne, and..
 Oh, the chocolate!
 Then, the bowl and milk....
 Yep, itÅfs perfect!Åh
ÅhWell then..!Åh
ÅhThere!Åh
I sprinkle pot-pourri around my room.
Yeah, now it smells great and I feel really good.
Now I put the chocolate in the warming bowl..
ÅhSweet cologne, melt into the sweet chocolate and deliver
 my feelings!Åh
Putting several drops of the cologne I always use into
the melted chocolate, I chant a spell.
Oh, but this isnÅft bad magic!
ItÅfs a perfectly fine white magic spell!
First you put cologne into the chocolate youÅfre making
for the boy you love!
Then you chant the spell, mix it, shape it, put it in the
refrigerator, and wait for it to be tomorrow!
The boy who eats it falls in love with the girl who
chanted the spell....
It might be fake, but I believe in it!!
I definitely, definitely believe in it!
Because, because... I want Hikaru-kun to understand my
feelings for him!!
              To be continued
Unscheduled Drama
  Mami-chanÅôPanic
    Episode 7
ÅhFufufu.. looks like itÅfs boiling...
 ..Then!Åh
ÅhEvil spirits who gather on the full moon.
 Grant my wish...
 ...There!Åh
Eri-chan threw a dried lizard into a large pot.
The strange steam coming from the pot filled the room.
ÅhOnim onim-mamni mamni-eco eco azarak
 There!Åh
Eri-chan continues throwing things into the pot.
As she does, the steam that emerges from the pot makes
strange billowing sounds.
Then, she took something carefully from her pocketÅF
a picture of Hikaru-kun.
ÅhEvil spirits, make this boy, Hikaru-kun, mine and only
 mine... hmmmm.. it feels a little cheap, but.. there!Åh
Eri-chan pumped herself up and threw Hikaru-kunÅfs picture
into the pot.
The picture made a sizzling noise and then melted into
the strange liquid...
ÅhFu.. hoooohohoho!!
 Now Hikaru-kun is all mine!
 Take that, pug-faced Mami!!Åh
Eri-chanÅfs loud laughter echoed around the room as she
poured the strange liquid from the pot into a small
bottle.
ÅhHooooooohohohohohohohoho
 Hooooooohohohohohohohoho
 Hooooooohohohohohohohoho
 Hooooooohohohohohohoho!!Åh
               To be continued
Unscheduled Drama
  Mami-chanÅôPanic
    Episode 8
Boooooooooo!!
ItÅfs finally after schoool!!
Classes felt even longer than usual todaaay!
Because...
Because, because, because IÅfm going to give my chocolate
to Hikaru-kun today!!
The chocolate I worked so hard on yesterday!
The magic chocolate I added a few drops of my favorite
cologne to!
The chocolate thatÅfs supposed to make the person you love
notice you!
When I give this to him....
I wonÅft just give it to him, IÅfll say it too...
ÅhI love you.Åh
Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
But I wonder where he is...
He should have to pass here to get to his usual club
activities...
Oh...
Ow!!
ÅhAki...ra...-kun...?Åh
*Freeeeeeeeeeeeze*!!!!
Wh... wh...
WhatÅfs going ooon?!
Whyyyy!!!?
ÅhHikaru-kun, EriÅfs hungry!
 Wanna go to Cocorico and eat a rose tea and cake set
 together?Åh
Hikaru-kun nodded wordlessly.
Wh... wh-wh...
No waaay!!
Why does Hikaru-kun have to get together with Eri-chan
the day after she shows up and declares herself my
rival?!!
And.. Hikaru-kun looks kind of strange...
ÅhOh, why good day, Mami-chan!Åh
ÅhItÅfs not a good day at all!
 And!!
 WhatÅfs with Hikaru-kun anyway!?
 He looks kind of strange!Åh
ÅhWhy, itÅfs just a little charm.Åh
ÅhEh?Åh
ÅhI used a little charm to make Hikaru-kun listen only to
 me!
 What do you think? IsnÅft it a wonderful charm?
 It worked so well, too...Åh
Eri-chan stared at Hikaru-kunÅfs eyes while he stared at
nothing...
His eyes were empty..
No...
This isnÅft Hikaru-kun at all...!
                    To be continued
Unscheduled Drama
  Mami-chanÅôPanic
    Episode 9
Hikaru-kunÅfs eyes were empty after Eri-chanÅfs charm made
him like a doll..
No...
This isnÅft Hikaru-kun at all...!
ÅhIsnÅft that a little unfair, Eri-chan?!Åh
ÅhOh, what exactly do you think is unfair?
 Hikaru-kun will now always be at my side...
 And not yours.Åh
ÅhBut, this....
 A Hikaru-kun whoÅfs like a doll and canÅft even look at
 anything or do anything other than nod when asked a
 question isnÅft Hikaru-kun at all!!Åh
ÅhLook closer.
 IsnÅft he Hikaru-kun from every angle?
 And heÅfll always be mine.Åh
ÅhThereÅfs something wrong with that!!
 I like Hikaru-kunÅfs smile!!
 I like Hikaru-kunÅfs serious face when he plays soccer!
 I love the kind Hikaru-kun who shows emotions..!Åh
ÅhEverything you say is just sour grapes!
 Could you get out of our way already?
 WeÅfve got a date to go on.Åh
It was when Eri-chan pushed Mami-chan aside and started
walking.
ÅhKya!Åh
Mami-chan pushed Eri-chan back and gripped Hikaru-kunÅfs
hand tightly.
ÅhHikaru-kun...Åh
Large tears formed in Mami-chanÅfs eyes.
ÅhHikaru-kun...
 Can you hear.. my voice?
 Please say my name once more...
 Please scold me not to run in the hall...!Åh
Tears fell from Mami-chanÅfs eyes, traveling down her
sakura-colored cheeks.
When they fell, they landed in Hikaru-kunÅfs palm.
ÅhHey, how long do you intend to hold the hand of someone
 elseÅfs boyfriend?Åh
Eri-chan said.
But Mami-chan just continued to grasp Hikaru-kunÅfs hand,
letting her tears fall from her large eyes onto his large
palm.
Hikaru-kunÅfs palm twitched as the tears fell onto it.
But Mami-chan and Eri-chan didnÅft notice.
ÅhIÅfm telling you to let go!Åh
Åh.....H...huh...?Åh
ÅhEh...?Åh
Åh...I... Eri-chan just had me drink something like
 medicine a little while ago... What happened after
 that?Åh
ÅhOh... Hikaru-kun!!Åh
ÅhWah...!!Åh
ÅhOh, good.. oh, goood!
 YouÅfre back to normaal!!
 Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
 IÅfm so happy!!Åh
ÅhUh.. Umm.. Wait....
 Mami-chan...Åh
ÅhKuh...Åh
Mami-chanÅfs tears managed to break Eri-chanÅfs spell.
                    To be continued
Unscheduled Drama
  Mami-chanÅôPanic
    Episode 10 (Final Episode)
ÅhOh, good.. oh, goood!
 YouÅfre back to normaaal!!
 Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
 IÅfm so happy!!Åh
ÅhUh.. Umm.. Wait....
 Mami-chan...Åh
ÅhKuh...Åh
Mami-chanÅfs tears managed to break Eri-chanÅfs spell.
ÅhThatÅfs great.. ThatÅfs so great...Åh
ÅhWhat happened, Mami-chan?
 I canÅft understand you if youÅfre crying like that...Åh
ÅhOh.. IÅfm so sorry!!Åh
Kyaa!!
I got carried away and hugged Hikaru-kun (My heartÅfs
beating so hard)!
ÅhHikaru-kun...Åh
Eri-chan speaks on the verge of tears.
I feel a little sorry for her....
I mean, Eri-chan liked Hikaru-kun too...
She just wanted to keep Hikaru-kun to herself because she
loves him.. just like me...
ÅhEri-chan.. what was that.. medicine?
 I wonÅft get mad, so tell me.
 ..IÅfd rather you not keep it a secret...Åh
Oh.. Hikaru-kunÅfs so kind!!
ÅhUm.. well.... I, wanted to make Hikaru-kun mine... so
 that medicine was supposed to make Hikaru-kun do
 whatever I said...Åh
Eh..? Wow!!
She said it to Hikaru-kun so honestly!
Eri-chanÅfs so mean, but she becomes so honest to the
person she loves...
ÅhI see...Åh
Åh*Gasp*..!Åh
Hikaru-kunÅfs hand rose..
Eh!? Is he gonna hit Eri-chan?
No way!
But Hikaru-kunÅfs hand instead patted Eri-chanÅfs head
softly.
ÅhIÅfm sorry... But I have someone..
 I like...Åh
*Fr*..
*Freeeeeeeze*!!
N.. no waaay!!
So is my love going to be unrequited tooo!?
Åh....Who is it?Åh
Eri-chan asked Hikaru-kun, tears in her voice.
Oh.. no!!
I canÅft look Hikaru-kun in the face!!
Eh..
I felt his hand land softly on my shoulder...
ÅhEh...Åh
Ah.. kyaaaa!!!
Hikaru-kunÅfs face is right in front of mine!!
ÅhN.. no way, itÅfs, Mami..Åh
ÅhYeah.. it is...
 IÅfve always.. liked you...
 IÅfm telling you now, since it seems like a good
 opportunity.Åh
Hikaru-kun looks at me with a super serious, kind
expression..
Åh...But itÅfs probably a bother to you.. if I tell you
 this all of a sudden...Åh
ÅhNo!! Uh.. umm..
 It isnÅft a bother!!
 But...Åh
ÅhIf youÅfre worried about me, donÅft be.Åh
Eri-chan spoke bluntly.
I was looking at her subconsciously..
ÅhHikaru-kun isnÅft the only man in the world.
 Excuse me.Åh
Saying that.. Eri-chan turned around and left..
But.. how..
..No way.. I canÅft believe it...
What Hikaru-kun said...
ÅhI knew... all along.Åh
ÅhEh!?Åh
ÅhAbout the girl in the window during club activities.
 I knew there was a girl who was always watching me.Åh
ÅhYou mean...Åh
ÅhIt was a girl who looked good with a big ribbon, a girl
 who was always bright and smiling and cute...
 A girl who made me feel at ease...Åh
ÅhNo way....Åh
ÅhYes way.
 Mami-chan...Åh
Hikaru-kunÅfs hand on my shoulder suddenly tightened.
*Gasp*.. Eee!!
ÅhEarlier...Åh
ÅhEh!?Åh
ÅhWhen I was under Eri-chanÅfs spell..
 Mami-chanÅfs voice reached my heart...
 ..Thank you.Åh
Kya.. Kyaaaa!!
A perfect smile!!
ÅhCan I ask you for a date?Åh
ÅhOf course!!!!Åh
I nodded as hard as I could.
Hikaru-kun chuckled in response...
IÅfm embarrassed..
ÅhBut, I.. havenÅft heard it from Mami-chan yet.Åh
ÅhEh? Heard what?Åh
ÅhIÅfd like to hear them from you too.
 The words I said to you earlier...Åh
Eh.. Ehh.. No waay!!
B.. but, IÅfll do it!!
Yeah, I should say it!!
ÅhMe too...!!Åh
ÅhI love... Hikaru-kun, too...Åh
Hikaru-kunÅfs perfect smile again...!
IÅfm so happy..!!
I.. I.. IÅfm so glad I didnÅft die!!
                  The End
ÅhNow, the news.Åh
ÅhToday was a great day. Nothing bad happened.Åh
ÅhHereÅfs the weather.Åh
ÅhRegarding the arrest we reported on the other day of the
 plump, hairy man in the pink scanties and babydoll
 telling people to Åfplease look at his assÅf...Åh
ÅhThe man has broken out of the defense force cell in
 South where he was being held.
 WeÅfve just gotten word that he is still missing.Åh
ÅhThe holding cell the man was in had three locks and was
 sealed with magic, but the man apparently disappeared
 without opening any of the locks.Åh
ÅhPlease be on the lookout if you happen to live in the
 Leazas Castle town.Åh
ÅhRegarding the plump, hairy man in the pink scanties and
 babydoll telling people to Åfplease look at his assÅf we
 reported on the other day...Åh
ÅhSurprisingly, he seems to have appeared not in Oc, but
 in South.Åh
ÅhThe man continues to appear in public places of rest
 like fountains, shouting Åfplease look at my assÅf.
 His continued method of assaulting people by showing
 them his ass was...Åh
ÅhUnexpectedly thwarted this time by General Barres
 Provence of the Leazas Army who happened to be at the
 scene coincidentally.Åh
ÅhThe man was swiftly thrown into a defense force holding
 cell in South.Åh
ÅhA member of the [Please Look At My Ass Man Task Force]
 commented, Åfnow we can finally sleep without fear,Åf and
 declared that the [Please Look At My Ass Man Task Force]
 would be dissolved.Åh
ÅhNow the [Please Look At My Ass Man Incident] that was
 causing the people of the Leazas Castle town to live in
 fear has finally been resolved.
 The citizens can now take a well-deserved rest.Åh
ÅhRegarding the plump, hairy man in the pink scanties and
 babydoll telling people to Åfplease look at his assÅf we
 reported on the other day...Åh
ÅhAfter chasing children around for a time, he suddenly
 stopped, looked out at the border of town and shouted at
 the top of his lungs, [My ass is an ass for the world]
 before fleeing town.Åh
ÅhIt seems the man ran in the direction of Oc.
 Even though he is now gone, as he could return at any
 moment, the [Please Look At My Ass Man Task Force] in
 North remains undissolved.Åh
ÅhCitizens of the town of Oc, I implore you to take ample
 care when locking up and be sure to prepare adequate
 escape measures should you happen to see the fluttering
 of pink in the distance.Åh
ÅhRegarding the plump, hairy man in the pink scanties and
 babydoll telling people to Åfplease look at his assÅf we
 reported on the other day...Åh
ÅhHe seems to be chasing the children who have gotten
 tired of stepping on him.Åh
ÅhThe North defense force, who had been underestimating
 the man, thinking him a simple pervert, are taking the
 situation a little more seriously now and have today
 formed the [Please Look At My Ass Man Task Force].Åh
ÅhAccording to reports, the man is currently still chasing
 the children.Åh
ÅhRegarding the plump, hairy man in the pink scanties and
 babydoll telling people to Åfplease look at his assÅf we
 reported on the other day...Åh
ÅhSurprising everyone, the man rushed outside, still in
 the same attire with no regards to his surroundings.Åh
ÅhImmediately after leaving the building, he encountered a
 group of elementary school students commuting to school,
 and proceeded to intimidate the children, once again
 with [please look at my ass].Åh
ÅhThere were those among the students who fled in fear,
 but the majority of the children are reportedly stepping
 all over the man.Åh
ÅhThe man who, earlier, did not yield to multiple large
 men appears to be quietly letting the children step on
 him.Åh
ÅhOccasionally something like panting and the words [ahh,
 more, more, step on me more, harder] can be heard from
 the man, sources say.Åh
ÅhAccording to reports, the man is currently still being
 stepped on by the children.Åh
ÅhRegarding the plump, hairy man in the pink scanties and
 babydoll telling people to Åfplease look at his assÅf we
 reported on the other day...Åh
ÅhAccording to reports, the man is currently still shaking
 his ass at the bar in North.Åh
ÅhThe man is surprisingly strong considering his eccentric
 appearance, and as attempts to remove him from the bar
 have been unsuccessful, it remains closed for the time
 being.Åh
"The man appears to be glancing outside occasionally, so
 the chances of him having an accomplice have risen."
ÅhJust now, a plump, hairy man in pink scanties and a
 babydoll telling people to Åfplease look at his assÅf has
 rushed, eyes moist, into a bar in North.Åh
ÅhAt first, the staff and customers in the establishment
 paid the man no mind, but as the plump, hairy man
 continued exclaiming [please look at my ass] while
 shaking his ass, one customer who just could not take it
 anymore attempted to subdue the man, however...Åh
ÅhThe man easily pinned the customer under his ass and
 now continues shaking it.Åh
ÅhThe bar in North has been transformed into the very
 picture of hell itself, so we advise anyone in the
 vicinity to be very careful not to go near it.Åh
ÅhThere has been an incident in the town of Ice.Åh
ÅhRegarding the town of Koo which was recently hit by a
 curse that caused all of its residents to mysteriously
 disappear...Åh
ÅhWidespread paranoia regarding the next town this
 disaster could affect has caused a portion of the town
 to descend into an extreme state of panic.Åh
ÅhAdditionally, in opposition to this group, a group of
 radical realists has emerged saying that such a thing
 could never happen, and is patrolling the town.Åh
ÅhThe panic group and the realist faction clashed this
 evening at the town square.
 Reports indicate a touch-and-go situation...Åh
ÅhExcuse me.. IÅfve just gotten word that a brawl has
 broken out between the panic group and the realist
 faction.Åh
ÅhReports indicate that the realist faction is having a
 hard time against the powerful [WeÅfre All Gonna Die
 Anyway] Tackle attacks from the panic group.Åh
ÅhAh, IÅfm receiving more reports.
 Just now a downpour of water from a roof above them has
 caused both groups to abandon the brawl.
 They appear to be returning home now.Åh
ÅhThe woman who poured the water was Ms. T., a local
 housewife. In the words of Ms. T., apparently [WaterÅfs
 the solution for fights and fucking dogs].Åh
ÅhToday we bring you news from the town of Kathtom on the
 southern border of Leazas.Åh
ÅhA burglar burst into a drugstore in Kathtom, taking the
 young girl who was tending the shop hostage, and
 attempted to flee from the defense force with the girl,
 however...Åh
ÅhAs the girl coincidentally happened to be a Phantom
 Beast Tamer, the burglar was swiftly defeated by the
 Phantom Beasts and almost immediately taken into custody
 by the defense force.Åh
ÅhAccording to the Kathtom defense force, the perpetrator
 is an Unbaba Sunba (29), an unemployed resident of
 Kanra.Åh
ÅhTheir investigation produced a confession from
 Unbaba that he committed the crime because he wanted
 money to spend at MÅELand.Åh
ÅhWe have a statement now from the brave girl, Miss Mill
 Yorks. Miss Yorks responded cheerfully to the crowd of
 reporters at the scene with [IÅfve gotta protect the
 store when my sisterÅfs out chasing tail!].Åh
ÅhToday a [Grand Hide-and-Seek Tournament] sponsored by
 Princess Lia was held in Leazas Castle.Åh
ÅhThe Hide-and-Seek Tournament used the entirety of the
 castle grounds and began at 6 AM, ending at 9 PM.Åh
ÅhThe grand victor of the tournament was Mr. Nayan Deeda
 (31) from South. Mr. Deeda hid for all 15 hours in a
 large pot inside the castle and was not found by any of
 the seekers, however...Åh
ÅhOne of the cooks started a fire under the pot and he
 sustained heavy injuries and will need to be
 hospitalized for three months.Åh
ÅhThe prize for winning the tournament was 500 gold and a
 yearÅfs worth of lollipops from Princess LiaÅfs personal
 purveyor, however..Åh
ÅhSince the hospital fees total to 600 gold, itÅfs become a
 question of whether this is a win or a loss.
 Princess LiaÅfs comment on the matter was..Åh
ÅhRetard.Åh
Åh..apparently.Åh
ÅhToday the 5th Wildflower Research Team of the Free City
 Zone Science Team headed to Mt. Saren.Åh
ÅhMt. Saren is a giant mountain in the west of the Helman
 Republic, west of the town of Ice, over Fort Parapara,
 and through Zeth Kingdom.Åh
ÅhThe Science TeamÅfs goal on this expedition is to please
 just find ONE of the mountainÅfs rumored phantom flowers.
 The size of the expedition is 20 people.Åh
ÅhHowever, since Helman was at war roughly half a year
 ago, there are still rumors of a Demon King castle at
 the base of the mountain and itÅfs anyoneÅfs guess how far
 the Science Team will actually be able to progress.Åh
ÅhThe head of the Science Team has issued the statement,
 [There are no borders or opposing ideologies to
 learning!! All there is is passion for learning!!
 Passion will overcome national borders!!].Åh
ÅhA man attempted to cross a river in the east of Kathtom
 today in a canoe.
 The manÅfs name is Mr. Manan Isla (35).Åh
ÅhMr. Isla is an adventurer of Kathtom and his previous
 achievements include exploring a lake to the north of
 Ice and investigating the monsters living around the
 town of Kathtom.Åh
ÅhIn an interview with the press, Mr. Isla commented..Åh
Åh[First IÅfm going to go upstream and investigate the
 source of the river, then IÅfll head downstream. Well,
 itÅfd be nice if I didnÅft get killed by monsters first
 though.]Åh
ÅhThree boys who were reported missing in the town of Red
 three days ago were safely rescued early this morning in
 front of the Hyperbuilding.Åh
ÅhThe boys were reportedly scolded by their respective
 parents three days ago to [study more] and ran away from
 home.Åh
ÅhTaking food and water with them, they headed to the
 Hyperbuilding, which they had always wanted to explore.Åh
ÅhSetting up âcín in front of the building, they
 reportedly completed exploration of the first two floors
 of the Hyperbuilding.Åh
ÅhA relieved member of the Red defense force said it was a
 miracle the boys werenÅft attacked by monsters.Åh
ÅhMÅELandÅfs monthly parade was held today.Åh
ÅhThe parade is held every month on the full moon, and the
 residents of the Free City Zone are now completely
 accustomed to it.Åh
ÅhThe parade featured MÅELandÅfs mascot characters, magic,
 and fireworks, and those in attendance danced to the
 music in elaborate costumes.Åh
ÅhLately the participation by park-goers has been more
 pronounced and the parade today was enjoyed with much
 dancing and extraordinary costumes.Åh
ÅhLately participation by people in costumes a bit too
 eccentric may cause participation by the general public
 to become forbidden...Åh
Åhor may even cause the parade itself to be discontinued
 if the situation escalates, a parade official told the
 press.Åh
ÅhWe urge parade-goers... please be careful not to go too
 far.Åh
ÅhToday, historyÅfs worst underwear thief has finally been
 apprehended in the town of Kanra.Åh
ÅhThe criminal is the unemployed Elani Han (60), address
 unknown.Åh
ÅhAccording to the investigation, collecting underwear..
 particularly womenÅfs underwear, is ElaniÅfs hobby, and he
 has been wandering the Free City Zone to do this
 collecting.Åh
ÅhElani has been wandering the Zone for a shocking 10
 years.
 In that time, he has stolen dozens of kinds of underwear
 for a grand total of 1,299 pairs.Åh
ÅhElani was arrested while attempting to steal his 1,300th
 pair, a light blue pair of see-through panties.Åh
ÅhAfter frequent offenses in many locations, Elani was
 finally arrested by the harried defense force today, and
 commented,Åh
Åh[One more and I would have hit 1,300], sounding quite
 disappointed that he was unable to achieve this
 milestone.Åh
ÅhToday the well-known actress Miss Ariasta suddenly
 married Mr. Fosta, the bard.Åh
ÅhMiss Ariasta is a star with talent seen once in a
 hundred years, having performed on stage in MÅELand and
 in Leazas Castle with the princessÅf theatrical company.Åh
ÅhSheÅfs performed in many places, and IÅfm sure youÅfre all
 acquainted with her acting career.Åh
ÅhMr. Fosta is also famed all over the Free City Zone for
 his beautiful voice which is said to make even the most
 terrible monster break down into emotional tears.Åh
ÅhTheir relationship started at the yearly carnivals that
 take place in Leazas Castle.Åh
ÅhThey answered inquiries from the press with hope that
 they might start a troupe of their own in the future and
 travel the Free City Zone together.Åh
ÅhToday the Free City Zone Pet Contest was held in the
 town of Ice.Åh
ÅhThe venue was packed and every kind of pet imaginable
 was present.
 There were even some monsters among the pets, like
 Hannys and Nubobos.Åh
ÅhHowever, perhaps because of the extreme variety of pets
 present, a fight broke out among the pets.
 There was mass panic and the humans in the venue were
 even ordered to evacuate the premises.Åh
ÅhThere was a mage among the owners, so luckily, the mage
 was able to put the pets to sleep for a time and prevent
 widespread damage.Åh
ÅhThe prize ended up going to Yukichi-kun the crow, who
 came out of the melee without a single scratch.Åh
ÅhThe Free City Zone leaders begin their regular three day
 conference today in TheÅEO.Åh
ÅhTheir agenda this time will be discussing security
 against the monsters that roam the Free Cities and
 specific plans to strengthen city defenses.Åh
ÅhEver since the sudden attacks on the Cities by Helman
 roughly half a year ago, citizens of the Cities have
 become increasingly nervous about attacks from the
 outside.Åh
ÅhThere were plans to discuss whether or not defenses
 against humans should be strengthened in addition to
 defenses against monsters at the conference, however...Åh
ÅhAfter a representative put forth the argument that that
 would create unneeded tension between the Cities
 themselves, the situation at the conference has
 apparently become touch-and-go.Åh
ÅhAnd now, for a report on a new religion that has been
 stirring up trouble in the Free City Zone recently.Åh
ÅhAuthorities are unsure when this new religion was
 founded, but they have been gathering recently in the Oc
 bazaar plaza.Åh
ÅhThe groupÅfs name is the [Ecstasy Church].
 TheyÅfre a rather eccentric church whose activities
 include the worshipping and revering of anything that
 sparkles.Åh
ÅhThe person at the heart of their organization is its
 founder, Mr. Sparkli Ecstasi (88).Åh
ÅhA quote from an enthusiastic speech given by Mr. Ecstasi
 to his followers...Åh
Åh[Sparkling things are everything in this world. TheyÅfre
 the best, the greatest, and the most awesome! Gold coins
 and gems are especially awesome! Everyone, pray to them,
 and donate them to me!].Åh
ÅhThere are currently about 100 members of this [Ecstasy
 Church].
 They are preparing to send missionaries to North soon.Åh
ÅhThis just in.Åh
ÅhWeÅfve just gotten word that thereÅfs a fire raging in a
 shopping center in Oc. The fire originated in a
 restaurant in the middle of OcÅfs largest shopping
 centers during its busy dinner hours.Åh
ÅhWe urge everyone in the nearby area to take ample
 precautions.Åh
ÅhToday
 in Leazas Castle,
 in North,
 in MÅELand,
 in TheÅEO,
 in LÅEZile,
 in Kathtom,
 in Kanra,
 in Ice,
 in the Alicesoft dev room,
 a passerby
 the Hanny King
 the lady from the cake shop
 the old guy from the bar
 a chubby gal
 a Hanny
 a Ham Bambara
 Non-chan the mage
 a KyanKyan
 a Goldfish Tamer
 a Chatsumi
 a Bug
 the lady from the bar
 a robber
 a high school girl
 a high school boy
 a forest person
 the Hanny girl from the bar
 Johnson the furry pink elephant
 an old peddler
 ended up with 1 month injuries after getting a foot
 stuck in a drain.Åh
 was arrested under suspicion of shoplifting.Åh
 didnÅft do anything particularly interesting.Åh
 has opened up a food stall village thatÅfs reportedly
 doing extremely well.Åh
 has started a painting class.Åh
 has opened a tomato display sale.Åh
 NNAAAH PERFECT!!Åh
 has left the house with the words ÅfI want to be a manga
 artistÅf and is currently missing.Åh
 held a piano recital.Åh
 kissed.Åh
ÅhNow for the weather.Åh
ÅhNow, hereÅfs the weather.Åh
ÅhHereÅfs the weather.Åh
ÅhLetÅfs move to the weather.Åh
ÅhOn to the weather.Åh
ÅhHiii, IÅfm the weather lady!Åh
ÅhWoohoooooo!
 IÅfm here again with the weather!Åh
ÅhNow for another energetic weather repooort!Åh
ÅhHereÅfs the weather for all you good kids out there and
 all you bad ones too!Åh
ÅhItÅfs everyoneÅfs best friend, the weather!Åh
ÅhNow itÅfs time for everyoneÅfs favorite, the weather!Åh
ÅhIf you want to hear it or if you donÅft... please watch
 my weather report!Åh
ÅhItÅfd be nice if it were sunny tomorrow!
 HereÅfs the weather!Åh
ÅhYaaaaaaay!
 ItÅfs weather time!Åh
ÅhYaaay!
 ItÅfs P-can sunny today!Åh
ÅhLetÅfs move on to tomorrowÅfs weather!Åh
ÅhNow then, tomorrowÅfs weather!Åh
ÅhThen IÅfll move on to tomorrowÅfs weather!Åh
ÅhAbout tomorrowÅfs weather...Åh
ÅhNow then, IÅfll announce tomorrowÅfs weather!Åh
ÅhTa-dah! TomorrowÅfs weather!Åh
ÅhI wonder what tomorrowÅfs weather will be like!Åh
ÅhWhat about tomorrowÅfs weather, you ask?
 Then letÅfs move on to tomorrowÅfs weather!Åh
ÅhHow how how will tomorrowÅfs weather be?Åh
ÅhSunny? Rainy? Cloudy?Åh
ÅhOr will there be a snowstorm?Åh
ÅhRumbling thunder is scary!Åh
ÅhOh no, hide your belly buttons!Åh
Åh....Heheh.
 ItÅfs the singing weather lady!
 That was my weather song!
 Then IÅfll move on to tomorrowÅfs weather.Åh
ÅhWhat what whatÅfs tomorrowÅfs weather?
 And with that, tomorrowÅfs weather!Åh
ÅhTomorrow will be
.
.
.
 I dunno!!Åh
ÅhTomorrow will be...
 perfect clear skies!Åh
 occasionally sunny and...
 a little rain in the morning, and...
 the morning will be sunny, but...
 clouds will roll out and...
 henderopa sunny and...
 thereÅfll be a rainbow and...
 inside of the eye of the storm and
 completely rainy!Åh
 I dunno!!Åh
 perfect weather between high and low
 pressure systems and
 itÅfll rain bunnies and..
 ice strawberries.Åh
 engines are made of gasoline.Åh
 deserting under enemy fire and
 a chance of clouds.Åh
 a chance of sun.Åh
 a chance of rain.Åh
 a chance of snow!Åh
 I think thereÅfs a chance of cherries!Åh
 if I really feel like it I can write 10,000 words!Åh
 a chance of bucket water!Åh
 a chance of Lord ThunderÅfs child falling!Åh
 a chance of drive-by shootings!Åh
 brown sugar sure is delicious!Åh
 a chance of sudden showers near the mountains.Åh
 a chance of NAAAAH! PERFECT!Åh
 a chance of pancake breasts.Åh
 a chance of grain.Åh
 occasional gusts!Åh
ÅhAnd that was the weather ladyÅfs forecast!Åh
ÅhAnd thatÅfs that.
 Then see you tomorrow!Åh
ÅhI wonder if itÅfll be weather you like tomorrow?
 Well, see you later!!Åh
ÅhThatÅfs it for today!
 See you again, bye-byyyye!Åh
ÅhDid you enjoy that? See you again!Åh
ÅhThatÅfs all for today.
 Tune in again tomorrow. Bye-byyye!Åh
ÅhWell, thatÅfs about it for today.
 Please send us your thoughts and opinions!
 Bye-byyyye!Åh
ÅhAnd that was tomorrowÅfs weather!
 DonÅft get mad at me if IÅfm wrong!
 See ya!Åh
ÅhAnd, with, that,Åh
Åhthe forecast is over,Åh
Åhso I hopeÅh
Åhthe weather godÅh
Åhwatches over youuuuu!
 Panpapapapan!Åh
ÅhIÅfm the singing weather lady!
 That was my farewell song!Åh
ÅhWell then, see you again! Bye-bye!Åh
ÅhWell then, I hope tomorrowÅfs weather is good for you!
 That was the weather!Åh
ÅhWell then, I think IÅfll talk a little bit today.Åh
ÅhEveryone, do you think the temperature is related to the
 angle of the sun?Åh
ÅhAs opposed to sunny days when the temperature rises,
 when itÅfs cloudy or rainy, the sun is blocked and itÅfs
 harder for its rays to reach the ground, so itÅfs
 hard for the temperature to rise.Åh
ÅhSo in the winter when the angle of the sun is lower,
 thereÅfs that much less exposure of the sunÅfs rays and
 the temperature stays low.Åh
ÅhBut under around five meters below the ground, the sunÅfs
 rays stop having much effect.
 ThatÅfs why well water seems warm in the winter and cool
 in the summer!Åh
ÅhDid you learn something?Åh
ÅhI want to talk a little about high-pressure areas
 today.Åh
ÅhYou know what a high-pressure area is, right?Åh
ÅhItÅfs an area with a higher atmospheric pressure than
 whatÅfs around it. TheyÅfre usually a few thousand
 kilometers in diameter but there are also small ones
 only a few hundred kilometers in diameter.Åh
ÅhThe very center has the highest atmospheric pressure,
 and as you get farther from the center, the pressure
 drops.Åh
ÅhWind is a phenomenon caused by the moving air!
 So when the air starts flowing outward, wind comes down
 from the sky towards the ground.
 This is called a downward air current!Åh
ÅhWhen the wind comes down, the temperature rises and the
 air becomes drier. That wind is why high pressure brings
 no clouds and good weather.
 Did you understand?Åh
ÅhI think IÅfll talk a little about low pressure areas
 today.Åh
ÅhA low pressure area is the opposite of a high pressure
 area, which I talked about last time, where the
 atmospheric pressure is lower than the surrounding
 area.Åh
ÅhBut there isnÅft a real digital measure of where an area
 is high pressure or low pressure. You call them high or
 low pressure areas depending on whether the center is
 higher or lower pressure than whatÅfs around it.Åh
ÅhThe lower pressure a low pressure area is, the stronger
 its wind is, and the center is super windy!
 So there are powerful ascending air currents there!Åh
ÅhThose ascending air currents make clouds easier to form
 so low pressure areas are cloudy!Åh
ÅhWhen these low pressure areas are raging about, the
 areas we live in are being hit by storms and typhoons!Åh
ÅhDid you learn something?Åh
ÅhYay! Today IÅfd like to talk about sea breezes and land
 breezes!Åh
ÅhSea breezes and land breezes are phenomena that occur
 because of the differences in air temperature in the sea
 and on land!Åh
ÅhDuring the day, hot air rises and flows toward the sea.
 This is a sea breeze.Åh
ÅhEven at night, the sea doesnÅft get very cold. But on
 land it gets cold right away at night, so when the air
 above the sea rises, the cold air on land follows it.
 This is a land breeze.Åh
ÅhSea breezes and land breezes occur at night and in the
 morning.
 But when they change places the wind pretty much stops.
 This period is called a [calm].Åh
ÅhThere are two [calms], a morning and an evening one.Åh
ÅhDid you have fun?Åh
ÅhLetÅfs talk about clouds today!Åh
ÅhClouds are what you see when water vapor in the air
 becomes really really small water crystals or water
 drops and they gather together and float in the sky.Åh
ÅhThereÅfs always water vapor in the air, but in addition
 to being colorless and transparent, itÅfs a gas, so you
 canÅft see it. When it solidifies during certain weather
 conditions is when we can see it.Åh
ÅhOnce itÅfs turned into water droplets, it can fall or get
 blown by the wind, and after that it returns to being
 water vapor.Åh
ÅhBut this isnÅft the only thing that causes clouds.
 One other important thing thatÅfs required to form clouds
 is called [cloud condensation nuclei].Åh
ÅhThese are finite dust particles that float in the air,
 or things like salt particles in ocean water. TheyÅfre
 particles about 1 or 2/1000ths of a millimeter in size.Åh
ÅhWater vapor condenses on these and becomes cloud
 particles.
 And then clouds form when these particles are suddenly
 blown upwards by updrafts.Åh
ÅhThe size of these cloud particles also determines the
 size of the cloud.
 The higher in the sky a cloud is, the bigger its
 particles are.Åh
ÅhDid you enjoy my lecture?Åh
ÅhToday IÅfd like to talk about scary, scary lightning!Åh
ÅhThunder clouds that produce lightning are cumulonimbus
 clouds that are taller than 10 kilometers.
 Strong updrafts create these clouds.Åh
ÅhThese form easily when the atmospheric pressure is
 unstable... When the atmospheric pressure is low or when
 a front moves through.Åh
ÅhLightning occurs when the temperature of the very peak
 of a thunder cloud is somewhere from -20 to -50
 degrees.Åh
ÅhThis is because when the tip of a cloud makes contact
 with a cold place, it becomes easier for lightning to
 discharge.Åh
ÅhA thunder cloud like this has a life story too!Åh
ÅhFirst is its childhood.
 This is when itÅfs a growing cumulonimbus cloud.
 It takes about 10 to 15 minutes for it to become 5 to 10
 kilometers in diameter.Åh
ÅhRain or snow exists inside this cloud, but itÅfs being
 held up by an updraft, so it doesnÅft fall to the
 ground.Åh
ÅhNext is its adult stage.
 Its size is from 12 to 16 kilometers. This stage is when
 the rain and snow canÅft be held up anymore and falls.
 Rumbling thunder also happens here.Åh
ÅhNext is old age.
 This is a cloud 15 to 30 minutes after its adult stage.
 The rain, snow, and lightning has stopped now, and the
 cloud changes into whatÅfs called an [anvil cloud].Åh
ÅhSorry that one was kind of long!Åh
ÅhToday IÅfd like to talk about tornadoes!
 And I donÅft mean like a finishing move in some game!Åh
ÅhTornadoes occur in places where the atmospheric pressure
 in the sky is low and the air close to the ground gets
 sucked upward.Åh
ÅhThe wind spinning around in the funnel cloud of a
 tornado is said to be the strongest of any kind of wind.
 Tornadoes are an extremely rare phenomenon.Åh
ÅhTornadoes occur when part of the wind in the sky is
 blowing at a different speed than whatÅfs around it and a
 vortex forms, becoming stronger in one place...
 and stretching that vortex out towards the ground.Åh
ÅhWhen the tip of that vortex reaches the ground, it
 becomes a tornado!
 Never go inside a tornado, even by mistake!Åh
ÅhThereÅfs a super powerful updraft in the middle of a
 tornado, so if you go inside it, youÅfll end up getting
 spun around like laundry inside a washing machine!Åh
ÅhToday IÅfd like to talk about fog!Åh
ÅhWhen a cloud comes in contact with the ground and it
 becomes impossible to distinguish things over 1
 kilometer away, itÅfs called fog. When you canÅft even see
 1 kilometer away, itÅfs called [haze].Åh
ÅhFog particles are made of water or ice droplets, just
 like cloud particles. Their diameter is amazingly 1 to 5
 microns. 1 micron is 1/1000th of a millimeter, so when I
 say 1 to 5 microns, I mean really small!ÅfÅh
ÅhThe conditions that create fog particles are similar to
 those that create cloud particles. Lots of cloud
 condensation nuclei and lots of water vapor. Cold air
 and etc. and etc.Åh
ÅhSo fog tends to occur near bodies of water.
 Also like right after rain!Åh
ÅhFog is kinda mysterious and romantic, donÅft you think?
 But itÅfs scary too, Åfcause it could be like hiding
 murderers too!Åh
ÅhToday IÅfd like to talk about a phenomenon weÅfre all well
 acquainted withÅF rain!Åh
ÅhSpeaking scientifically, we call anything larger than
 0.5 millimeters in diameter rain.
 Anything smaller, and itÅfs fog.Åh
ÅhNormally rain is 1 to 2 millimeters in diameter, but
 strong rain in thunderstorms and the like can measure up
 to 3 to 5 millimeters. That would probably really hurt
 if it hit you with a gust of wind, huh?Åh
ÅhThere are times when larger drops of rain form, but they
 usually get broken up in the sky.Åh
ÅhRain forms inside clouds.
 Rain particles are 50 to 100 times larger than cloud
 particles!Åh
ÅhIf we compare volumes, rain particles are 100,000 to
 1,000,000 times bigger!Åh
ÅhRain is gloomy, but when cloud particles grow into rain
 and fall onto us, we receive their blessing, so itÅfs sad
 for the rain if we just think of it as gloomy.Åh
ÅhWell then, today IÅfll talk about snow!Åh
ÅhSnow is water vapor that freezes in the atmosphere and
 becomes ice!
 This is called deposition!Åh
ÅhSnow forms when minute particles in the atmosphere
 called ice nuclei occur inside clouds.
 Ice nuclei are minute clay mineral particles.
 One exists for about every 1 liter of air.Åh
ÅhWhen the temperature inside a cloud is under 0 degrees,
 particles and ice nuclei combine, and ice grows from
 this combination, creating snow.
 They usually start in a prism or a rectangular shape.Åh
ÅhHave you heard of diamond dust?Åh
ÅhItÅfs a phenomenon that occurs when fog forms when the
 temperature is lower than -25 degrees.
 The fog is made of ice crystals rather than water
 droplets.Åh
ÅhThe name comes from the fact that when light reflects
 off of these ice crystals, they sparkle like diamond
 dust.
 ItÅfs so romantic it just makes you teary-eyed..Åh
ÅhEveryone, do you know what a [halo] is?Åh
ÅhA halo refers to the curtain-like thing you can
 sometimes kind of see around the sun.Åh
ÅhThey can also form around the moon.
 These are called moon halos.Åh
ÅhHalos occur when a low pressure front is on its way.
 ...So... when you see a halo, itÅfs Åfhello, rainÅf!Åh
ÅhYou can do simple weather forecasts too with halos.
 ThereÅfs a 60 to 80% chance of rain on the day after a
 halo appears!Åh
ÅhSo you should watch the sky if youÅfre worried about an
 outing or a field day!Åh
[Have any.... troubles?]
[WeÅfll take care of all of your worries, even if you
 canÅft tell the police about them.]
[Your helpful advisor
      Ice  Keith Guild]
[A mysterious ship appeared with the fog in the
 harbor...]
[The ship came from the land of the dead to destroy the
 town..]
[And so no one survived.. except her...]
[She stands. To destroy the boat that took her friends
 and family.]
[A clear, large screen brought to you by super magic
 video!!]
[A grand spectacle adventure movie, created with care
       that will leave you breathless!!]
[Super Ancient Ship Rafflesia
        Coming soon to a theater near you!!]
[AMBIVALENZ...
     When two mutually contradictory, opposed ideas can
     claim the same privilege]
[The protagonist, Shura, the cursed knight, has become an
 immortal albino due to cursed dragon blood]
[He has lived for a long time seeking only revenge...
 Yes, even now...]
        AMBIVALENZ
          Å|AmbivalenceÅ|
      [Windows version  now on sale]
[Shura-san...
 Please stop wasting your life..]
