ÅhLevel God Willis...!
 Respond to my summons and appear immediately!!Åh
I yelled out to the heavens in a cool (?) voice.
Willis ÅhI am the great Level God Willis.
        YouÅfre the one who called me, Rance?Åh
ÅhRight, for the usual ceremony.
 I continue fighting every day so IÅfm always stocked up
 on experience points.Åh
Willis ÅhVery well.
        Then I will begin the ceremony.Åh
Mikan ÅhUmm.... Mikan wants to do it!
       Can I do the ceremony? Can I?Åh
Mikan wishes to perform the level up ceremony.
Let her?
ÅhNo way, no way.
 YouÅfre gonna fail, so no.Åh
Mikan ÅhNo I.. wonÅft!
       IÅfll try real hard!Åh
ÅhNope.
 IÅfll think about it when youÅfre sexier.Åh
Mikan Åh....IÅfm sad.Åh
ÅhWell then, Willis.
 I leave it to you.Åh
Willis ÅhVery well.
        Then I will perform the ceremony.Åh
Willis ÅhUura meeta paara hora hora!
        Ran ran horo horo piiharara!Åh
Willis the Level God chanted a mysterious spell.
Johnny ÅhWhoops, looks like youÅfve hit your level
        cap, 
.
        You wonÅft become stronger than this.Åh
Willis ÅhYouÅfve hit your level cap, 
-san.
        IÅfm sorry, but you canÅft level up further.Åh
Johnny ÅhMmmmmm, tres bien.
        Sweet Honey 
 has reached LV 
.Åh
Willis Åh
-san has sufficient experience and is
        now LV 
.Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use the technique [Rance Attack].Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use the technique [Light Attack].Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use the technique [Brute Attack].Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use a new spell.
        (Fire Arrow) has been replaced with
        (Fire Blast).Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use a new spell.
        (Lightning Arrow) has been replaced with
        (Thunderstrike).Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use a new spell.
        (Fire Blast) has been replaced with
        (Hellfire Conflagration).Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use a new spell.
        (Ice Arrow) has been replaced with (Fire Laser).Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use the spell (Whore Surf).Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use the spell (Lightning).Åh
Johnny ÅhYou can use a new skill now.
        You learned Fire Bowl Technique. IsnÅft that
        lucky?Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use the skill Fire Bowl Technique.Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use a new spell.
        (Thunderstrike) has been replaced with
        (Electromagnetic Barrier).Åh
Johnny ÅhYou can use the spell Electromagnetic Barrier
        now.
        But in return, you can no longer use
        Thunderstrike.Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use a new spell.
        (Fire Laser) has been replaced with
        (White Breaker).Åh
Johnny ÅhYou can use the spell White Breaker now.
        But in return, you can no longer use Fire Laser.Åh
Willis ÅhYou may now use a new spell.
        (Fire Blast) has been replaced with
        (Snow Laser).Åh
Johnny ÅhYou can use the spell Snow Laser now.
        But in return, you can no longer use Fire Blast.Åh
ÅhGahahahahahaha, looks like the strongest has become even
 stronger!Åh
ÅhI became a little stronger, Rance-sama.
 IÅfll try my hardest to be useful.Åh
ÅhHohohohohohohohohoho...!Åh
ÅhIÅfm so happy. Even I managed to level up.Åh
ÅhIÅfm grateful.
 IÅfll continue training to improve my sword skills even
 more.Åh
ÅhI wonder if IÅfm a little closer to Rick-san now?Åh
ÅhInvincible, invincible, Julia-chanÅfs invincible!
 Kyahahahahahahaha!Åh
ÅhIÅfm still far from a master.
 But IÅfll keep striving.Åh
ÅhMan, level ups just make you feel good.Åh
ÅhStill only LV 
, huh...? IÅfve got a ways to go.
 IÅfve gotta become stronger.Åh
Åh............Åh
ÅhSeems even an old soul like me can still get stronger.Åh
Johnny ÅhSweet Honey 
 still needs 
 experience,
        IÅfm afraid.Åh
Willis Åh
-san still needs 
 experience points.Åh
Willis ÅhWell then, please call me again when youÅfve
        gained more experience points.Åh
Mikan ÅhBye-byyye.Åh
Level God Willis and Apprentice Mikan disappeared.
Åh.....Hmmmm.Åh
Mikan ÅhMikan will try.. really hard!
       Let me do it!Åh
Åh....I suppose...Åh
Mikan ÅhYouÅfre so cool, Rance.
       So can Mikan please do the ceremony?Åh
Mikan ÅhPlease..?Åh
ÅhI got it, do it.
 But donÅft fuck up.Åh
Mikan ÅhOkay.Åh
Mikan twirled around and started chanting a spell.
Mikan ÅhUuran meetara, parapara...!
       Umm.. huh?Åh
ÅhHey, what is it?Åh
Mikan ÅhIÅfm sorry, I guess I messed up again.Åh
ÅhKuh... You little..!Åh
RanceÅfs experience tripled as a side effect of the spell.
ÅhHm.. Triple experience.
 Well thatÅfs lucky.Åh
ÅhThatÅfs good, Rance-sama!Åh
Mikan ÅhIÅfm sorryyy, see you later!Åh
Mikan ÅhIÅfm sorryyy, I messed up the spell!
       IÅfm so bad at this...Åh
ÅhWHAT!?Åh
RanceÅfs equipped weapon gained 5 attack as a side effect
of the spell.
ÅhHm, I guess this is lucky, huh?Åh
Mikan ÅhIÅfm sorry.
       IÅfll do better next time.Åh
Mikan ÅhSee youuu!Åh
Mikan ÅhIÅfm sorryyy, I screwed up the spell!
       Aha, aha, ahahahahaha!Åh
ÅhWHAT WAS THAT!!?Åh
RanceÅfs experience dropped to 0 as a result of the failed
spell.
ÅhOh shit, what the hellÅfs this!?
 How are you gonna take responsibility for this?!Åh
Mikan ÅhUmm, umm, well.. see you!Åh
ÅhHey, wait, you!Åh
Mikan disappeared as if running away.
ÅhThatÅfs too bad, huh, Rance-sama?Åh
Willis ÅhItÅfs been a while, Rance-san.
        Oh.. YouÅfve returned to LV 1?Åh
ÅhYeah, though itÅfs not like I wanted it to happen.Åh
ÅhHm... whoÅfs that girl?Åh
Mikan ÅhMikan.. IÅfm Mikan.Åh
Willis ÅhThis is Mikan-chan, an Apprentice Level God.
        SheÅfs accompanying me for on-site training.Åh
Mikan ÅhI want to be a wonderful Level God like
       Willis-oneesama!Åh
Mikan ÅhNice to meet you, Rance.Åh
ÅhSure.Åh
Willis ÅhWell then, shall I begin the ceremony?
        Mikan-chan, pay close attention, okay?Åh
Mikan ÅhYes, maÅfaaam.Åh
ÅhHey, Johnny, cÅfmoooon...!
 ....This is an embarrasing spell....Åh
Johnny ÅhHere I aaaaam!
        IÅfm happy I get to see you again, my sweet
        honeys. Now then, tell me what you want done and
        IÅfll do it!Åh
Johnny ÅhHere I aaaaaam!
        My sweet honeys!
        Are you feeling great again today?Åh
Johnny ÅhI sure am.
        I mean, this is the tenth time IÅfve been summoned
        by you.Åh
Johnny ÅhSo before I do the level up ceremony, IÅfll give
        you this!Åh
Johnny ÅhThis is called Tough Spray, and....
        ItÅfs an extremely useful item thatÅfll raise the
        protection of the clothes or armor youÅfre wearing
        if you use it on them!Åh
Johnny ÅhIÅfll be happy if you use it wisely!Åh
Obtained Tough Spray.
ÅhLevel God, please show yourself before us...Åh
Level God ÅhHere I aaaam!
           Have you been good, my sweet honeys?Åh
ÅhS... sweet honeys...?Åh
ÅhYouÅfve certainly summoned something impressive...
 Maria, you klutz...Åh
Level God ÅhMy nameÅfs Johnny!
           Pleased to meet you!
           I donÅft like for-ma-li-ty when IÅfm summoned,
           Åfkay?Åh
Johnny ÅhÅfHey, Johnny, cÅfmoooon....!Åf
        ThatÅfs how IÅfd like you to call me!
        IÅfm counting on you, Åfkay, sweet honeys?Åh
"WeÅfre not a certain brute! We canÅft be so informal with
 a god!Åh
Johnny ÅhOh, is that so?
        Then I wonÅft ever level you sweet honeys up, you
        know?
        Is that alright?Åh
ÅhOoh...
 I understand...
 IÅfll use that spell to summon you...Åh
ÅhI wonÅft.
 Maria should do the summoning from now on.Åh
ÅhYeah, yeah, I know.....Åh
Johnny ÅhOkay, negotiations complete!
        Now then, tell me what youÅfd like me to do!
        My sweet honeys!Åh
Johnny ÅhOkay!
        Leveling up then.....Åh
Johnny ÅhChichin puipui...
        Pururun pururun....
        Nnnnnnnnn, there!!Åh
Johnny ÅhWell, it looks like my workÅfs finished here!
        LetÅfs meet again!
        Au revoir! My sweet honeys!Åh
Willis ÅhCongratulations!
        YouÅfve just summoned me for my special 100,000th
        summon, Rance-san!Åh
ÅhHmm, this is your 100,000th, huh?Åh
Willis ÅhYes, this is 100,000!Åh
Mikan ÅhCongratulations, Willis-oneesama!Åh
Willis ÅhWell then, Rance-san.
        I think IÅfd like to give you something for the
        occasion.
        What would you like?Åh
I thought about which option I should choose from WillisÅf
three suggestions.
Willis ÅhWell then, IÅfll begin the level up ceremony.Åh
ÅhAlright, do it.Åh
Willis ÅhWell then, I present you with 1,000 gold for the
        occasion.Åh
I obtained 1,000 gold.
Willis ÅhWell then, I present you with the luxurious God
        Armor (C) for the occasion.Åh
I obtained God Armor (C).
ÅhStrip, strip.. uhauha!Åh
Willis ÅhVery well, then I will specially strip for the
        occasion.
        Come on, Mikan-chan.Åh
Mikan ÅhOkay, this is training too!Åh
Rance ÅhOHHHHHHHHhh...!Åh
Willis and Mikan took off their clothes, casting them aside and
dancing sexily.
Mikan ÅhLala, lala!Åh
Rance ÅhWhoo, cÅfmon ladies, take it all off!!Åh
IÅfm used to seeing womenÅfs naked bodies, but their strip show was
weirdly stimulating and I could feel myself swell to bursting point.
Mikan ÅhAhhaaan, only a little!Åh
Willis ÅhN, nooo, donÅft stare so much!Åh
Why, WHY!?
How the hell am I getting this turned on by a strip show..?
I guess this is the power of a god.. owah, owah..!
Rance ÅhHaah, haah, more, mooore..!
       Move your, move your hand, I canÅft seee!!Åh
Willis ÅhNo can do, this is a se-cret!Åh
Rance ÅhI wanna see, I wanna see, I wanna see there, there, thaaat!
       Show me your secret door!!Åh
Mikan ÅhKyan, hehehn!Åh
Willis ÅhThen just a little bit!Åh
Willis moved the hand covering her crotch just a bit.
But she immediately covered it again.
Rance ÅhOHHhh....!
       I saw.. a little bit of pink.. just a little.Åh
Willis ÅhThatÅfs all you get to see.
        This is the end.Åh
Willis ÅhWell, was it fun?Åh
ÅhYeah, it was great.
 I wanted to see more though.Åh
Mikan ÅhThat was embarrasing!Åh
ÅhLevel God Willis...!
 Respond to my summons and appear immediately!!Åh
I yelled out to the heavens in a cool (?) voice.
Willis ÅhI am the great Level God Willis.
        YouÅfre the one who called me, Rance?Åh
ÅhFufufufu, yeah.
 Rance-sama, the worldÅfs greatest hero!Åh
Willis ÅhLeveling up then?Åh
ÅhNo, today I need something different.Åh
Willis ÅhSomething different?Åh
Mikan ÅhOoh, an accident?Åh
ÅhActually, I was told by a certain hag to procure an item
 called AngelÅfs Nectar.Åh
Willis ÅhAngelÅfs Nectar?
        ....I donÅft believe angels produce nectar?Åh
ÅhNah, any young girl, not even an angel, can produce the
 kind of nectar IÅfm looking for.Åh
Willis Åh........Åh
ÅhA heroÅfs in trouble here. YouÅfll help me out, wonÅft you,
 Willis-chan?Åh
Willis ÅhOh.. Oh, IÅfve just remembered some urgent
        business.
        Mikan, weÅfre leaving.Åh
Probably because sheÅfd figured out where I was going,
Willis attempted to take Mikan and escape.
ÅhGahahahahahaha, youÅfre not getting away!!Åh
Willis ÅhS- stop this right now!!Åh
Rance ÅhItÅfs for justice, okay? Just work with me here.
       ThatÅfs an angelÅfs job, isnÅft it?Åh
(Rip rip rip)
I tore off WillisÅf clothes.
Willis ÅhDo you think itÅfs okay to do this kind of thing to a god?
        YouÅfll get divine punishment for this.Åh
Rance ÅhDivine punishment.. w- wait.
       Divine punishment would be bad.Åh
Willis ÅhThen stop this.Åh
...I need a good idea here... right!
Rance ÅhThe thing is, the world will be destroyed if I donÅft get this
       AngelÅfs Nectar.Åh
Willis ÅhEh........?Åh
Rance ÅhA powerful demon will be resurrected from Hell.
       One strong enough to destroy the world just like that!Åh
Willis Åh.............Åh
Rance ÅhIf you donÅft give me the AngelÅfs Nectar, I wonÅft be able to
       create the Ultra Sword to defeat the demon.Åh
Rance ÅhBut.... itÅfs fine.
       ItÅfs pointless to work for the sake of the world and for
       humankind if IÅfll get divine punishment for it.Åh
Willis Åh............Åh
Willis ÅhRance-san, are you telling the truth?Åh
Rance ÅhOf course.Åh
Willis Åh..........Åh
Mikan Åh.................Åh
Willis ÅhI understand. ItÅfs for the sake of the world.
        LetÅfs do it.Åh
Rance ÅhOh? I- I see.Åh
Willis ÅhThen, what exactly do I need to do?Åh
Rance ÅhYou donÅft need to do anything.
       Just entrust your body to me and IÅfll take care of
       everything.Åh
Rance ÅhAlright, good.Åh
I touched WillisÅf body all over with my genius finger technique to
make her wet.
Willis ÅhAh.... I canÅft, believe IÅfm.. letting a human.... do this...
        even though IÅfm a god...!Åh
After a mere five minutes of my foreplay, WillisÅf pussy opened up and
started glistening with beautiful nectar.
Rance ÅhGahahahahahahaha, I bet that feels good!
       YouÅfre getting wetter and wetter!Åh
Willis ÅhAhn... Rance-san... have you taken... the.. the nectar..
        yet?Åh
I stuck my finger into WillisÅf slit and got a good fingerful of
nectar.
Fufufu, what great nectar, and itÅfs definitely enough.
Rance ÅhHmmm, I got a little, but I still need a lot more.
       IÅfm gonna need another good scoop.Åh
Willis Åh...Ahn... *gasp*..!Åh
I opened WillisÅf legs up, buried my face in between them, and gave
her some good nectar-producing stimulus with my tongue.
(Splash splash)
Willis ÅhAh.. no... no.. stop...!Åh
Rance ÅhGeheheheheheheh, this is great!
       YouÅfre like a fountain down here, you dirty, dirty woman.Åh
Nectar continued to flow from Willis, not running out no matter how
much I scooped.
ItÅfs an endless flood now.
Willis ÅhAaaah... Aaaaaaaah...!Åh
...................
I obtained the AngelÅfs Nectar.
Willis ÅhPhew.. looks like itÅfs over.Åh
ÅhYup, and I got a lot.
 A ton of love juice!Åh
Willis ÅhPlease donÅft.. talk too much about it.
        Well then, please make the sword to defeat the
        demon with that.. that.. nectar, for the sake of
        the world, okay?Åh
ÅhDemon.. huh??Åh
Willis ÅhYou needed the nectar to make a sword to defeat a
        demon, didnÅft you?Åh
ÅhAh.. right, right, yeah!
 Just leave the rest to me.Åh
Mikan ÅhThatÅfs the first time Mikan has seen anything like
       that!
       It was a little exciting!Åh
Willis ÅhMikan-chan, this is something I did to save the
        world.
        It was a very special situation. So you mustnÅft
        imitate it.Åh
Mikan ÅhYes, maÅfaaaam.Åh
Willis ÅhWell then, Rance-san.
        Please do your best.Åh
Heeheehee, that went well.
A weapon to defeat a demon? Deceiving gods is a piece of
cake.
I wanted to go a round with her, but itÅfd be a problem if
she got pissed and I ended up not being able to level up
anymore, so I ended up just obtaining the nectar.
ÅhRance-sama, isnÅft lying to a god kind of a bad idea?Åh
ÅhJustice is on my side.
 You donÅft need to worry.Åh
Willis ÅhBefore that....Åh
ÅhWhat is it?Åh
Willis ÅhMerim-san.Åh
ÅhOh, yes?Åh
Willis ÅhI have been watching you for a long time now.
        You, born under the star of misfortune that is
        said to only appear for one in 30,000 people.Åh
Willis ÅhYour unfortunate circumstances were a result of
        your destiny.
        It was a fate none of us could save you from even
        if we wanted to.Åh
Åh............Åh
Willis ÅhAnd this time youÅfve been dragged into a fierce
        battle even though youÅfre a noncombatant. YouÅfve
        already been defeated about 10 times, havenÅft
        you?Åh
ÅhWell.. IÅfm, weak, so.. itÅfs to be expected.
 All I do is get in everyoneÅfs way...Åh
Willis ÅhI pity you, so IÅfd like to present you with this.
        ItÅfs a special item that only you can use.Åh
Merim took the [Angel Mirror] from Willis.
ÅhUmm.. is it really alright?
 That I accept this?Åh
Willis ÅhYes, if you use that, youÅfll be able to
        participate on the same level as an accomplished
        priestess.Åh
ÅhEh? Really?
 So I donÅft have to be dead weight for everyone anymore?Åh
Willis ÅhPlease use that to fight.Åh
ÅhHey, Willis.
 DonÅft you have a present for an unfortunate man like
 me?Åh
Willis ÅhYouÅfre very fortunate, Rance-san.
        You can live freely, after all.Åh
ÅhHey, IÅfm an unfortunate man who canÅft even fulfill a
 trivial dream like creating a harem full of beautiful
 girls, you know.Åh
Willis ÅhIf you ask me, IÅfm much more unfortunate being
        assigned to you.
        Well then, Merim-san, never give up hope.Åh
