ItÅfs a nice meadow with a pleasant breeze.
ItÅfs a boring meadow with nothing interesting about it.
IÅfm tired of looking at towers.
No matter how much I look at them, nothingÅfs gonna
happen.
ItÅfs far away.
I wanted to land near there...
ItÅfs a meadow with a nice breeze.
I canÅft believe weÅfre on top of a continent floating in
the sky.
ItÅfs a nice meadow, not at all different from ones back
on the surface.
ÅhAhh, this feels so nice.
 LetÅfs just forget about Rance and take a nap here.Åh
ÅhI suppose. Should we do that?Åh
ÅhMaria-dono, Shizuka-dono, our first priority should be
 completing our mission.Åh
ÅhYeah, I know.
 I just thought IÅfd say it.Åh
ÅhUwawawawa...!Åh
ÅhWhat is it, Julia?Åh
ÅhI found a weird caaave!
 Look at iiit!Åh
A large, man-made hole was in the direction Julia was
pointing.
ÅhWhat is that hole?Åh
Åh...Looks like an entrance to something.
 Anyway, looks like thereÅfs an underground.Åh
ÅhOwah, aaah...!Åh
ÅhWhat is it, Rick-san?Åh
ÅhTh.. th.. thereÅfs something behind that rock..!Åh
ÅhEh? An enemy...?Åh
While thinking about the enemy attacking, I looked in the
direction of the rock, only to see a single cow appear,
crying Åhmeow, meow.Åh
ÅhWhat the, itÅfs just a cow.
 Geez, Rick-san.Åh
ÅhIÅfm, IÅfm sorry.Åh
ÅhWe donÅft know when monsters will come out, so everyone
 be careful, alright?Åh
ÅhItÅfs alright, Maria-dono.
 It doesnÅft look like there are any enemies in the area.Åh
ÅhYeah, I donÅft sense anything.Åh
ÅhThatÅfs amazing, Rick-san, Leila-san.
 You can tell?Åh
ÅhYou know, we HAVE been trained for this.Åh
ÅhAre there any good women arouuund...!
 IÅfm waiting for a beauty..!!Åh
I shouted in a loud voice.
But no beautiful women appeared.
Where should we go?
The Tulip #4 fell right onto the edge of the continent,
but thereÅfs a possibility of Rance being in the center of
the continent, near that huge tower.
ÅhItÅfs a little far, but letÅfs head to that tall tower.Åh
..............
But on the way, there was a deep trench, and we could
proceed no farther.
ÅhLooks like we need to look for a different route.Åh
ÅhYeah.Åh
ÅhJuliaÅfs tiired...
 Tired of walkiing.Åh
