ÅhTheyÅfre not... here either!Åh
ÅhRance-sama...!Åh
ÅhDid they really all escape without me!?
 How dare they leave me behind....Åh
ÅhHeartless bastards! Ohhhhhhhhh..!Åh
ÅhRance-sama...!Åh
ÅhThis is all your fault, Sill!
 ItÅfs Åfcause you pretended to be dead!Åh
ÅhI didnÅft pretend to be dead.. kya!Åh
(Sway sway)
The shaking suddenly got way worse.
The Toushin Toshi is about to fall.
Is this the end of our hero, Rance..?
WhatÅfs gonna happen to the world if I die!?
WhoÅfs gonna take the virginity of all the beautiful
girls!!?
ÅhShit, I had decided I was gonna die having sex!Åh
Åh??Åh
ÅhSill, strip!Åh
ÅhEhh? But.. everythingÅfs shaking...!Åh
ÅhWho fucking gives a shit!?Åh
ÅhBut Rance-sama..!Åh
ÅhThis is the end, you know!
 WeÅfre about to die...!Åh
ÅhRance-sama.. Rance-sama...!Åh
Sill clung to me.
I embraced Sill and gave her a passionate kiss.
ÅhRance-sama, I love you!Åh
ÅhSill...Åh
.. ÅhHey, Rance!Åh
ÅhHeh? WhoÅfs there??Åh
ÅhHey, what the hell are you doing at a time like this?
 Sill-chan!
 YouÅfre okay!Åh
ÅhKanami-san...!Åh
ÅhWhat, just Kanami...?Åh
ÅhI see. They left you behind too.
 Alright, weÅfll have a threesome. IÅfll let you join in.
 WeÅfve gotta enjoy that last moments of our lives!Åh
ÅhStop saying stupid shit and hurry up!
 EveryoneÅfs waiting!Åh
ÅhWaiting??
 But there arenÅft any Landing Crafts left.Åh
ÅhThe Landing Craft the Helman Army used to get here is
 still here.
 Hurry!Åh
ÅhRance-sama, weÅfre going to survive!Åh
ÅhOf course! Justice is immortal!
 The main character canÅft die!Åh
ÅhIf you donÅft hurry up, you are gonna die!
 Come with me!Åh
We followed Kanami.
ÅhNow hurry up and get in!
 We donÅft know when this elevatorÅfs gonna break either!Åh
ÅhYeah, yeah. You better not trip either!Åh
We boarded the elevator.
ÅhWhat floor are we going to?Åh
Åh1.Åh
(Vwiiiiin)
Somehow, itÅfs moving through the shaking.
ÅhHere.Åh
ÅhRance-sama, look!!Åh
A giant Landing Craft sat on a part of the ground, and
around it were small human figures. ItÅfs Maria and
everyone.
ÅhRance, weÅfre waiting for you!
 S- Sill-chan.. YouÅfre okay!Åh
ÅhIÅfm sorry that I worried you!Åh
ÅhIÅfm so relieved.Åh
ÅhAlright, letÅfs escape!
 You can move this thing, right, Maria?Åh
ÅhYes, but Freak-san and Hubert-san havenÅft come yet
 either!Åh
ÅhFreak? Hubert? Oh, those Helman guys.Åh
ÅhThey were probably killed by monsters anyway.
 Just forget about Åfem.Åh
ÅhRance, theyÅfre teammates weÅfve fought with!
 ThatÅfs no way to talk about them!Åh
ÅhHubert-san should know about this place.
 LetÅfs wait a little bit longer for them.Åh
ÅhTch. TheyÅfre nothing but trouble.
 Fine, weÅfll wait a little longer.Åh
ÅhRance-sama, does this thing fly??
 ItÅfs amazing, isnÅft it?Åh
ÅhYeah, all it looks like is a big tube though...Åh
(Sway sway sway)
(sway sway sway)
ÅhOwah, this doesnÅft look good!
 What the hell are they doing!?Åh
ÅhRance-kun, this is about as long as we can wait.Åh
Åh...The Toushin Toshi is crumbling.
 This is it...Åh
ÅhThereÅfs nothing we can do. WeÅfre leaving them and
 running.
 TheyÅfll get out of this somehow. I know it.Åh
ÅhHeartless.Åh
ÅhEverythingÅfs fine if my women and me are safe!
 Now take off!Åh
ÅhOkay, taking off!
 GO!Åh
The Landing Craft we were riding took off.
(Sway sway sway sway)
As if it had been waiting for us to take off, the Toushin
Toshi began to crumble.
ÅhOhh, itÅfs falling!Åh
ÅhWoohooooo!Åh
................
................
................
.....A few days later.....
RanceÅfs house, a later day...
Sill ÅhIÅfm so glad we made it home, Rance-sama!Åh
Rance ÅhYeah, I guess so.Åh
Rance ÅhBut IÅfm a little disappointed that Toushin Toshi thingy didnÅft
       end up becoming mine.Åh
Sill ÅhThe Toushin Toshi??Åh
Rance ÅhYup.
       I coulda made it into my own floating castle.. gave it a name
       like Invincible Rance Castle..Åh
Sill ÅhI see.Åh
Rance ÅhI will conquer everything on the surface!
       Gahahahahahaha!Åh
Sill ÅhWorld domination?Åh
Rance ÅhYeah. Gathering up all the beauties of the world into a huge
       harem and living an interesting, fun life is my dream!Åh
Sill ÅhI see.. A harem.. *Sigh*.Åh
Rance ÅhWell, I couldnÅft get control of the Toushin Toshi,
       so that dreamÅfs on hold for a while now.Åh
Rance ÅhBut I havenÅft given up!
       No matter what I have to do, some day IÅfll rule the world!Åh
Rance ÅhSill, youÅfd better stick with me until then.
       I wonÅft forgive you if you die before it happens.Åh
Sill ÅhYes, Rance-sama.
      IÅfll follow you anywhere!Åh
Rance ÅhGood.Åh
Sill ÅhSo, well.. Rance-sama?Åh
Rance ÅhWhat is it?Åh
Sill ÅhIÅfll do my best, so please donÅft throw me away.Åh
Rance Åh.........Åh
Sill ÅhKya!Åh
Rance ÅhYeah, I guess IÅfll keep using your body while itÅfs still nice
       and voluptuous!Åh
Rance ÅhNow letÅfs have endless fun again tonight!Åh
Sill Åh.....Yes.Åh
Julia ÅhOkay, open wiiide! Eat fast, okay?
       JuliaÅfs gonna be late to sword practice! *Fidget* *fidget*.Åh
Concrete Man Åh*Sob* *sob*, I still canÅft get out?Åh
Rance ÅhOkaaaay, with energy now!Åh
Sill ÅhW-wait a... second..!Åh
Merim ÅhWe should name the city weÅfre building on the crash site
       Toushin City.Åh
Freoncoise ÅhOh boy, we sure will be busy.Åh
Sill ÅhAhn, Rance-sama.. not so rough..!Åh
Rance ÅhWahaha, you have no right to speak! Wahaha!!Åh
Maria ÅhAhh, a proper bath sure is nice.
       IÅfm so glad everyone made it out okay.
Shizuka Åh*Sigh*.. I wouldnÅft mind Rance dying.....Åh
Rance ÅhLook, look, youÅfre wet.. You want it, right?
       You want it right here..?"
Sill ÅhAh.. ahn... YouÅfre such a bully.Åh
Barres ÅhI knew itÅfd be a simple task for you youngsters!
        Gahahahahaha.. ha... ha.........Åh
Rick Åh..You really wanted to go, huh, General..?Åh
Leila ÅhA- ahaha.. he might be harder to handle than the princess....Åh
(Ram ram ram)
Sill ÅhAh.. ah. Rance-sama, I..!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahaha, itÅfs too early to rest!Åh
Io ÅhHey, Good LookinÅf, wanna go on a date?Åh
Helman Soldier ÅhIÅfm on duty.Åh
Rance ÅhFufufu, weÅfre just getting started! This is where it gets
       really fun!Åh
Sill ÅhAah, I canÅft.. go on! *Pant* *pant*!Åh
Hunty ÅhHeÅfs just past here, in a little shed! I bet heÅfll be
       surprised!Åh
Hubert ÅhHahah, that suits him more than a castle, I guess.Åh
Freak Åh..IÅfm sure you donÅft care, but IÅfm returning to Helman!Åh
Hunty ÅhOnce your repairs are done, I wonÅft stop you.Åh
Rance ÅhWahaha, move, move! OH!! This feels good, uhaha!Åh
Sill ÅhAhn.. Rance-samaaa!!Åh
Lia ÅhI hate you, Kanami.Åh
Kanami ÅhDonÅft be mad, Lia-sama. IÅfll read you a book?"
Maris ÅhLia-sama, your new dress just arrived!Åh
Win95 Version  Special Debug Staff
  Sugi
 Koishi
 Mochi
 Rikisei
 masin
  [Rance IV -Legacy of the Sect- For Win95]
            (END)
  Complete Code [
H
DB
L
]
 Stick with us on RanceÅfs next adventure too!
      Alicesoft
