Canson ÅhAhn, IÅfm so embarrassed!Åh
Rance ÅhYouÅfve got some nice tits!
       These feel great!Åh
(Grope grope grope)
Canson ÅhAhn...Åh
I played around with the Canson.
ZashikiWarashi ÅhHey, what are you doing?!
                YouÅfre a bad guy!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahahaha, how can you say that when youÅfre so exposed?
       YouÅfre not even wearing panties, how embarrassing!Åh
I reached my hand out to the ZashikiWarashiÅfs exposed crotch.
ZashikiWarashi ÅhStop.. IÅfll possess you!!Åh
ZashikiWarashi ÅhOh.. What are you doing?
                DonÅft touch me, you pervert!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahahahahahaha...!Åh
I pushed the ZashikiWarashi down and plunged my raging hyper weapon
into her.
I caught the Bee Girl and had some fun with her.
Bee Girl Åh*Tweet* *tweet* *tweet*.Åh
Rance ÅhBut man, if sheÅfs this small I canÅft even fit a finger in.
       This isnÅft that interesting.Åh
Bee Girl Åh*Tweet* *tweet* *tweet* *tweet*.Åh
Rance ÅhGeh, the fuckinÅf tideÅfs cominÅf in!Åh
The Seafood has capitulated after my intense attacks.
SheÅfs in season now and nowÅfs the time to eat.
Seafood Åh....Uhn.. no..!Åh
Rance ÅhWell then, letÅfs eeeat!Åh
Mountainfood ÅhNo.... stop!Åh
Rance ÅhGuooooo.. dohahahaha!!Åh
I bullied the young Mountainfood.
Humming ÅhKyaaaa, please stop!Åh
Rance ÅhShut up, stop your damn whining!
       IÅfll show you what girls are supposed to sound like!Åh
I stripped them and took turns shoving my cock into their wet
pussies.
Humming A ÅhAh, ahn... ahn, ahn, ahn!Åh
Humming B ÅhOh.. wow.. ahn.. oh..!Åh
Rance ÅhNow stop singing evil songs and sing sexy ones!
       This is a womanÅfs best voice.Åh
KyanKyan ÅhKyaaaa, donÅft do anything weeeird!
          LetÅfs have fun and plaay!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahahaha, loving, flexible sex with me is the funnest
       thing in the world for girls!Åh
I restrained the struggling KyanKyan and shot her up with love.
Rance ÅhFufufufufu, uha, uwah!Åh
Ralga ÅhFufufu, I need.. mooore!
       This isnÅft enouuugh..!Åh
(Spurt!!)
               (Spurt!!)
Ralga ÅhMore, give me, more!Åh
(Spurt!!)        (Spurt!!)
        (Spurt!!)
Ralga ÅhOh, Rance-sanÅfs sperm feels so good!
       So give me more, okay?Åh
Rance ÅhUwah.. stop.. donÅft, ooh.. that feels great!
       Ugyaaaa!!!Åh
 (..............Spurt!)
I ended up being assaulted by Ralga instead.
Science ÅhAhn, no!Åh
I held down the struggling Science and suddenly inserted.
Rance ÅhHmmm, grazie for the full-bodied flavor.
       ItÅfs certainly a XXX worth doing.Åh
Science ÅhAhn... *gasp*.. AAAaah...!Åh
As I shook my hips, her moans became louder.
Science ÅhPlease, forgive me!
         I have information!Åh
Rance ÅhInformation? What is it?Åh
Science ÅhThe door.......
         IÅfll tell you how to open it.Åh
Rance ÅhOhh? How considerate.
       IÅfll listen, so hurry up and talk.Åh
Science ÅhYou have to, you have to.. lift the door up from the bottom
         to open it.
         Okay, I told you, so let me go.Åh
I learned how to open the door.
Rance ÅhYouÅfre pretty tight, Lizard Girl.Åh
Geckon ÅhIÅfm a Geckon, not a lizard!Åh
Rance ÅhShut up, thisÅfll happen if you contradict me!Åh
I lifted the GeckonÅfs legs and pierced her pale pussy without any
foreplay.
Geckon ÅhAhn... Aaah... ahn, ahn.. oh..!Åh
Rance ÅhOhh? You feel quite developed in here.
       What a delicious body.Åh
I enjoyed the feeling of kneading the JumperÅfs breasts.
Jumper ÅhNo, stop.. this is.. called impure sexual relations and itÅfs
        not allowed!Åh
Jumper ÅhItÅfs not allowed.. itÅfs.. not.. but.. it feels good...
        ahn..!Åh
Rance ÅhCÅfmon, open your ass up more.
       ThatÅfs right, good, youÅfre doinÅf good.Åh
IÅfm ramming my destructive weapon into her ass and feeling a sweet
pleasure.
From the back like this, I can see my huge dick piercing the BlazerÅfs
XXX and thrusting in and out and itÅfs super lewd.
Blazer Åh..Kuh.. this is humiliating.. no, no more..!Åh
Sailor ÅhAhn, I didnÅft want this to happen....!Åh
Rance ÅhCÅfmon, cÅfmon, spread your legs more!
       Let me see your *beep* already!Åh
After sheÅfd become unable to resist, I opened the SailorÅfs legs and
licked as if to devour her.
Sailor ÅhAh... ah.. *gasp*.....!
        Oh.. oh.. mommy...!Åh
Rance ÅhGufufufu, thatÅfs right, put a little more energy into
       disinfecting my dick!Åh
Black Nurse ÅhOoh... ooh, ooh.. *lick* *lick*.Åh
Rance ÅhOoohh.. good.
       Now use your tongue to lick the tip.Åh
I pushed down the resisting Sour and stuck my hand between her legs.
Sour ÅhAh.. what, what, what are you doing!?Åh
Rance ÅhItÅfs a massage, a massage. YouÅfve gotta loosen this up...!Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfll give you an extra large shot after this!
       Gahahahahahahahahaha!Åh
Mecha KyanKyan ÅhAahn, you bullyyy!
                Bullies are meeean!!Åh
Rance ÅhThatÅfs right, IÅfm a bad man!
       So letÅfs have some bad fun together!Åh
The Mecha KyanKyan and I had the kind of bad fun you canÅft talk about
with people under 18.
I pushed the Dragon Girl down and started sucking on her pussy.
Rance Åh*Lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*!Åh
Dragon Girl ÅhKuwah.... no.. but, that feels good.
             Uhn... uhn... oh.. more..!Åh
Goldfish Tamer Åh*Sniffle*, whyÅfd we lose, my brave goldfish...
                *sniffle*.Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!Åh
Goldfish Tamer ÅhAahn, I donÅft want to be defiled by this man..!
                Goldfish! Save me!!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!Åh
Rance ÅhCÅfmon, cÅfmon, open your legs up more!!
       Open your *beeep* up to me!!Åh
I made the Lantern take a bunch of embarrassing poses, since she had
the flexible body of a gymnast.
Lantern Åh...Ooooh.. donÅft look...!Åh
Rance ÅhHmmm, fully exposed. Gaping open.
       What a dirty monster, turned on by someone looking, gehehe!Åh
Cake Girl ÅhAhn, nooo... my cake.. my cake..!Åh
I covered the Cake GirlÅfs body in sticky cake, then started licking
it off.
Rance ÅhMmm, sweet and delicious.
       *Lick* *lick* *lick*.Åh
Cake Girl ÅhAhn.. ahn.. no, thatÅfs..!Åh
I defeated the strongest gal monster, the Kamikaze.
Rance ÅhThatÅfs what you get for standing up to me!
       You deserve this!Åh
Kamikaze Åh*Gasp*... donÅft be cruel!!Åh
I ignored the KamikazeÅfs pleading and had my way with her body.
Kamikaze ÅhAh... ow!!Åh
Ramen ÅhNo, you no can do that!Åh
Rance ÅhIt fine, it fine, I make you feel good!Åh
Ramen ÅhAhn, no, I no like this!
       Ooh.. uhn...!Åh
Even though sheÅfs protesting like this, the RamenÅfs pussy is dripping
wet and ready to go, a testament to my technique.
Rance ÅhNooow, IÅfm gonna fuck you up with my hyper weapon!Åh
Rance ÅhUhhyooooo, COLD!!Åh
The FrozenÅfs vagina was freezing cold, as if IÅfd stuck my dick into
ice.
Frozen ÅhItÅfs too hot... no... IÅfll melt..!Åh
Rance ÅhCold... but, it feels pretty good...!
       Uhyoyoyoyo, this is great!!Åh
Frozen ÅhAhn.. hot.. hot.. it feels like itÅfs burning.... I, canÅft...
        *gasp*..!Åh
Sulphur ÅhUgh.... *lick* *lick*.Åh
Rance ÅhHey, you suck at this.
       Put some heart into your fellatio.Åh
I grabbed the SulphurÅfs hair while I spoke and shook it about.
Suplhur ÅhOoh... *lick*!Åh
Rance ÅhOoh... Yeah, thatÅfs good.
       IÅfll kill you if you donÅft work at this, so put some spirit
       into it.Åh
I made the Sulphur lick me into a good mood.
Magician ÅhDonÅft bully me, donÅft be mean to me!Åh
Rance ÅhHow can you be so naive?
       Who was the one bullying ME with magic earlier!!?Åh
Magician ÅhIÅfm a monster, itÅfs my job! I couldnÅft help it!Åh
Rance ÅhI donÅft want to hear excuses.
       Your bodyÅfs gonna take responsibility for your actions.Åh
I assaulted the Magician, who had a weak body despite her fighting
strength and HP.
Rance ÅhFufufufufu, you canÅft get away now.
       Accept the baptism of my hyper weapon gracefully.Åh
Magisco Åh...*Gasp*.. not by a human....!Åh
(Ram ram ram ram)
Magisco ÅhA filty human... but.. it feels pretty good..!Åh
(Ram ram ram ram)
     (Slap slap slap slap)
Magisco ÅhAh, aaaaahn, amazing!
         IÅfm going to cum.... *gasp*......!Åh
I pulled the MiGÅfs long antennae down to her crotch and tied them
there.
MiG ÅhNo, what are you doing!Åh
Rance ÅhNow your sensitive antennae are digging into your more
       sensitive pussy and it feels good, doesnÅft it?Åh
As if giving her a display, I pulled on her antennae until they were
digging into her pussy.
MiG Åh*Gasp*..... ahii!!Åh
The MiG reacted even more strongly than I had anticipated.
This looks like itÅfll be pretty fun, mmfufufufu.
..............
