ÅhAlright, IÅfm gonna rest.
 Show me to my room.Åh
Freon ÅhAlright, kid.Åh
ÅhWhoÅfs a kid!!?Åh
Freon ÅhYOU are.Åh
...........
Freon ÅhOh....Åh
ÅhWhat is it? Hurry up and take me to my room.Åh
Freon ÅhWell this is a problem. IÅfve only got one room
       open.Åh
ÅhDonÅft worry about it.
 Sill and I can stay in one room.Åh
Åh..*Blush*.Åh
Freon ÅhNo, thatÅfs not it.. the only room thatÅfs open is a
       special one.Åh
ÅhI like special.
 High class is perfect for me!Åh
Freon ÅhNo, thatÅfs not what I meant by ÅfspecialÅf..
       Well, I should probably just show you.Åh
ÅhThis is....!Åh
ÅhRance-samaaa.. this room is a bit....Åh
Freon ÅhYep, itÅfs an SM room for perverts.
       ItÅfs better to have weird rooms like this in a
       town that doesnÅft get any travelers.
       I feel terrible about it though.Åh
Åh.....This is amazing.Åh
Freon ÅhIÅfm sorry, Sill-chan.
       ItÅfs unusual, but all of my regular rooms happen
       to be full today.Åh
ÅhThis is great, hag!Åh
ÅhRance-sama!Åh
ÅhThis looks fun! LetÅfs play in this room tonight! ItÅfs
 important to experience a lot of different things, after
 all!Åh
Freon ÅhI feel for you, Sill-chan.Åh
ÅhNow, come on, Sill!Åh
...........
When Freon the hag went downstairs, Sill and I were left
alone in the room.
Sill ÅhRance-sama, please donÅft.. do anything strange.Åh
Rance ÅhStrange, you say...?Åh
Sill Åh...Just.. well, normally..?Åh
Rance ÅhHm.. donÅft really get it.
       What do you mean by strange?
       YouÅfll have to give me a bit more in-depth an explanation.Åh
Sill ÅhBut...!Åh
Rance ÅhIf you canÅft explain.. then your request is rejected!Åh
Sill Åh.......Åh
Rance ÅhI see, I see. So you want me to do it, eh?
       Uhi, uhi.Åh
I embraced Sill powerfully.
Sill ÅhR.. Rance-samaaa..!Åh
Rance ÅhYou dumbass, I went through so much to get you back, you.. you
       big idiot.Åh
Sill Åh...Rance-sama.. IÅfm sorry.Åh
Rance ÅhDonÅft ever promise anything like that again.Åh
Rance ÅhGot it?Åh
Sill ÅhYes...Åh
I loosened my grip on Sill and looked carefully at her face.
Rance ÅhBut....Åh
Sill ÅhYes..?Åh
Rance ÅhIÅfve still gotta punish you.Åh
Sill ÅhEh...?Åh
Rance ÅhFufufufufufufufufu...!Åh
I pushed down the frightened Sill.
Rance ÅhFufufu, what do you think of my rope work?!!Åh
I tied Sill up thoroughly with a rope.
Sill ÅhNo.. Rance-sama, I donÅft like this!Åh
Sill, whoÅfd lost her freedom of movement, could only roll around like
a caterpillar to avoid my hands, but her resistance was futile.
Rance ÅhGahahahahaha, you canÅft escape!
       IÅfll be even meaner if you try to run, you know!Åh
Rance ÅhWell, how Åfbout I warm you up with this?Åh
Sill ÅhRance-sama.. thatÅfs.."
Sill spoke as if frightened upon seeing what I had in my hand.
Rance ÅhItÅfs a VIBRATOR!Åh
I said while waving the pink vibrator in front of SillÅfs face so that
she could see it.
Sill screamed ÅfnoÅf and tried her best to get away even though she
couldnÅft move because of the rope. Being a clean freak, Sill just
doesnÅft seem to like things like this.
Rance ÅhItÅfs pointless to try to get away.
       See!Åh
Sill ÅhAh..!Åh
I held SillÅfs ass down and forced the vibrator into her tied-up
pussy.
Sill Åh*Gasp*....!Åh
ItÅfs a little tight, but it went in.
Sill ÅhRance-samaaa, I donÅft like this.. please take it out!Åh
Rance ÅhIt.. by Åfit,Åf do you mean this?Åh
As I teased Sill, I grabbed the half-inserted vibrator and stirred it
around.
Sill ÅhAh.. *gasp*....!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahaha, I bet youÅfre embarrassed like that, Sill!Åh
Sill Åh.........Åh
Rance ÅhDonÅft you have any shame with your clothes open like that?Åh
Sill Åh..........Åh
Rance ÅhI can see it all from this angle!
       Ohh, it looks like youÅfre keeping it nice and clean!Åh
Sill Åh.......Ah..!Åh
Rance ÅhHm... Looks like youÅfre getting wet.
       Ahaaa, youÅfre getting turned on Åfcause IÅfm looking at you!
       You pervert!Åh
Sill Åh......Åh
(Slap)
I slapped SillÅfs defenseless ass.
Sill Åh*Gasp*..!Åh
Rance ÅhWhat a dirty, troublesome slave I have.
       IÅfll take plenty of time tonight..
       to punish you suuuuuuper thoroughly!Åh
(Squeeze)
I made the rope even tighter.
SillÅfs breasts become distorted by the rope squeezing them.
I grab them and knead them to torment her.
Sill ÅhOoh.. ahn...!Åh
Rance ÅhHm, yes, good.Åh
I donÅft often do S&M-type stuff like this, so itÅfs pretty fun since
itÅfs nice and fresh.
S&M is a weird kind of sex with a pretty wicked darkness to it.
IÅfm finding I like it a lot, but Sill seems to really hate it.
But, well.. thatÅfs also part of the fun.
Sill ÅhRance-sama, why are you being so mean..
      I...!Åh
Rance ÅhYouÅfre my toy.
       I can use you however I choose.Åh
I grasped her breasts strongly.
A firm but soft feeling is transmitted to my hands.
Sill ÅhAaaaahn!Åh
I stroked SillÅfs cute butt.
Sill Åh..Ah..!Åh
Then I used both hands to force it apart.
Sill ÅhNo..!Åh
Rance ÅhSill, do you know what anal sex is?Åh
Sill ÅhAnal sex.. what is it?
      I donÅft know.Åh
I stroked SillÅfs asshole with the pad of my thumb.
Sill ÅhAhn.. not.. there!Åh
Rance ÅhYep, itÅfs ramminÅf your *beeep* in here instead of there!Åh
Sill ÅhEhhhhh!!?Åh
Rance ÅhWanna do it?Åh
I poked around SillÅfs asshole with my thing.
Sill ÅhNo, not that.. Rance-sama, anything but that!
      ThatÅfs inhuman!Åh
Rance Åh......Åh
Sill ÅhRance-samaaa...!Åh
Rance ÅhWell, fine.
       I wonÅft do it today.Åh
Sill ÅhPhew.Åh
Well, I bet Sill canÅft bear any more, so I should put it in.
I re-tied the ropes so that Sill was in an embarrasing pose,
face-down, with legs wide open.
Sill ÅhAhn... Rance-samaa..!Åh
When I removed the ropes digging into SillÅfs pussy so that I could
put it in, her lower lips showed quite a bit of red swelling, but
they were also gaping open and dripping with nectar.
Rance ÅhYouÅfre such a pervert, Sill.
       YouÅfre dripping wet even in a super embarrassing pose like
       this!Åh
I stuck a finger in as I spoke.
Instead of resisting, it was more like her warm, wet pussy was
sucking my finger in.
Sill ÅhAh...!Åh
Rance ÅhDo you want it?Åh
(Slap slap)
I slapped SillÅfs ass with the palm of my hand.
Sill Åh*Gasp*..!Åh
Rance ÅhDo you want me to put it in?
       Be honest.Åh
Sill Åh........Åh
Rance ÅhIt seems IÅfll have to ask your body some more.Åh
I ran my tongue over SillÅfs wide-open pussy.
Sill starts letting out moans as I alternate between licking her two
inflamed flower petals.
Sill ÅhAh.. AAaah..!Åh
And once I start licking the bean in the center of her flower petals,
nectar starts spilling out like IÅfm hitting a switch with every lick.
Rance ÅhSill, youÅfre waiting for me with your mouth wide open down
       here.
       See?Åh
This time, I shove a finger in violently.
Sill Åh*Gasp*... Aaaaaaaah..!Åh
SillÅfs body twitches excitedly.
Sill ÅhRance-sama... a..!Åh
Rance ÅhOkay, IÅfll do it.Åh
I shoved my dick, overflowing with burning heat, into her pussy.
Sill ÅhAaah...!Åh
Right when I put it in, Sill let out a sweet moan.
ItÅfs warm and wet and great inside her.
I also have no objections to the way she squeezes my dick.
Embracing SillÅfs bound, immobile body from behind, I proceeded to ram
in and out of her over and over again.
Sill ÅhAh.. ah.. ah.. *gasp*..!Åh
I repeated right rotations, left rotations, and intense thrusts.
Sill Åh*Gasp*.. ah, *gasp*....!Åh
Rance ÅhOoh.. haah, haah.Åh
Sill ÅhAh.. ah.. Rance-samaaa..!Åh
ItÅfs about time.
IÅfm gonna let my first shot out inside!
I increased my speed and attacked Sill even harder.
Sill Åh*Gasp*..... ah...!Åh
(Smack smack smack smack)
Rance ÅhOoh...!Åh
Sill ÅhAAaaaaaah...!Åh
I poured a liquid as hot as boiling magma into SillÅfs depths.
..................
..................
Rance ÅhAlright, next.. letÅfs do the wooden horse!Åh
Sill ÅhEee.. I donÅft want to, Rance-sama!Åh
Rance ÅhShut it, you have no right to speak.
       Alright, letÅfs have some fun!Åh
................
Sill ÅhKya.... noo..!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahahahahaha...!Åh
Rance ÅhGahahaha...!Åh
Sill-chanÅfs cruel night lasted a long time.
Freon ÅhOh, well good morning to you.Åh
Åh*Yawn*... IÅfm tired.Åh
ÅhYes.. Rance-sama.Åh
Freon ÅhHmmmmm, seems you two had quite a night last
       night, heeheeheehee.Åh
ÅhHmph.Åh
Freon ÅhWell, what do you think youÅfll do now?Åh
ÅhI havenÅft really thought about it.
 ...Have you, Sill?Åh
ÅhI think we should find a way to get back to the surface
 after all, Rance-sama...Åh
ÅhAlright, weÅfre going back to the surface.Åh
Freon ÅhHow are you gonna do that?
       Are you just gonna jump off?Åh
ÅhShut up! There should be plenty of ways to do it.
 Like... hmmmm.Åh
ÅhHmmmmmmmmmmmmm.Åh
ÅhHmmmmmmmmm.Åh
Freon ÅhYouÅfre so reckless.
       Here, take this.Åh
The hag Freon handed me a letter.
ÅhWhat the hellÅfs this letter... it couldnÅft be..
 a love letter...?Åh
ÅhHey, hag.. just so you know, my strike zoneÅfs in between
 15 and 28.. hags are super outside my range.
 DonÅft do anything weird.Åh
Freon ÅhDonÅft jump to conclusions.
       ThatÅfs a letter of introduction for you, kid.Åh
ÅhLetter of introduction??Åh
Freon ÅhTake that to the Youth League Office.
       They should be able to give you some information.Åh
Åh...That pathetic Youth League, eh?
 I donÅft think theyÅfll be much help.Åh
Freon ÅhWell, do whatever youÅfd like then.
       IÅfll be waiting for you to change this town.Åh
